#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 12.12 20:52 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 42782 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AFSU.AFSU.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK AFSU
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Altar of GregoriusT's Blood
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spell Conduit
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Incense Crucible
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demon's Chest
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spell Table
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mimic Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Schematic Saver
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Teleposer
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Light
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Filled Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demon Portal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Empty Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Container
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Speed Rune
fe.protection.break.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.break.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Architectural Block
fe.protection.break.Australia.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.name
fe.protection.break.Australia.blockAustralianSand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAustralianTopSoil.name
fe.protection.break.Australia.blockAustralianTopSoil.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAustralianSand.name
fe.protection.break.Australia.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ?ktile.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eager Chest
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Signum Entia
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Locus
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Finical Maw
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Greedy Chest
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hourglass
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Maw
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Inventarium Core
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Siren's Lure
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nethermind
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Phenomenon
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Remote Comparator
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Requisition Tome
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tally Box
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vis Reader
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Soul Stone
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Neutron Collector
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ash Stone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bones.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crag Rock
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dried Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flowering Vines
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gravestone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Sand
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Long Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.petals.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.plants.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poison
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tree Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turnip
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wisteria
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.block_burned_string.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blood Burned String
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_cake.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood Cake
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Infused Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood Infused Glowstone
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blood Infused Iron Block
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_planks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blood Infused Wooden Plank
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_wood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blood Infused Wood
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood Lamp
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_glass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stained Ice
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice_packed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stained Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_tnt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood TNT
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.blood_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Torch
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.compacted_mrs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Compacted Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.compacter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Soul Compacter
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.life_infuser.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Life Infuser
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.lp_materializer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence Materializer
fe.protection.break.BloodArsenal.portable_altar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Portable Altar
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramic.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.flower.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.loam.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.loam.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.plant.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.soil.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.stained.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Architect Table
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Builder
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Construction Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Filler
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electronic Library
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quarry
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tool Block
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Land Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fuel
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Plasma Block
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Auto Workbench
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chute
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Flood Gate
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mining Well
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pump
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Requester
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zone Planner
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Laser
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Recipe Packager
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pipe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Disenchanter
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Draconic Chest
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Ore
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energy Infuser
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Energy Pylon
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Energy Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Generator
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mob Grinder
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energy Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Particle Generator
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Player Detector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Potentiometer
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rain Sensor
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sun Dial
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Weather Controller
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Distortion Flame
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMTMachines.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.machine.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMTSolars.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.solar.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMTSolars2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.solar2.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMTSolars3.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.solar3.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMTSolars4.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.solar4.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMTSolars5.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.solar5.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.EssentiaGenerators.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.EMT.essentia.name
fe.protection.break.EMT.PortableNode.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Portable Node
fe.protection.break.EMT.ShieldBlock.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Shield Block
fe.protection.break.EMT.electricCloud.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Electric Cloud
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Conduit Connector
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crafter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender IO
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Rail
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Skull
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Farming Station
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fire Water
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hootch
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ingot Storage
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Panel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Killer Joe
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Carpet
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fence
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Gate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stairs
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wall
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Painting Machine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Powered Spawner
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Reservoir
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Binder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Telepad Block
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Travel Anchor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK The Vat
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charger
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Concussion Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Confusing Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Charge
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ectoplasm
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.door.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chandelier
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mini-Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ender Collector
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ender Quarry
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.carbonFloodlight.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Non-electric Floodlight
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.electricFloodlight.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Electric Floodlight
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.growLight.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grow Light
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.floodlights:smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.tilePhantomLight.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.floodlights:tilePhantomLight.name
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.tileUVLight.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.floodlights:tileUVLight.name
fe.protection.break.FloodLights.uvFloodlight.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK UV Floodlight
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nether Star Block
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Log
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Planks
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wrath Cage
fe.protection.break.Forestry.alveary.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.beehives.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.candle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.core.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.engine.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logs.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mail.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.pods.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resources.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairs.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stump.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Arc Lamp
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cheese
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Communications Dish
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Parachest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK NASA Workbench
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.solar.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spin Thruster
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Display Screen
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Egg
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dense Ice
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mars.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.acentauribbgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK ? Centauri Bb Surface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.acentauribbsubgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK ? Centauri Bb Subsurface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.assemblymachine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Machine
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCcrystal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Crystal
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelion3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda C Dandelion 
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelions.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.Barnarda2Dandelions.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdirt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda C Dirt
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCgrass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda C Grass
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCleaves.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda C Leaves Log 
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaClog.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda C Log 
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCplanks.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.Barnarda2Planks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCreed.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Barnarda2Reed.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaCsapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Log Barnarda C Sapling 
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaEgrunt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda E Surface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoregold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoreiron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaEsubgrunt.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda E Subsurface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaFgrunt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda F Surface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.barnardaFsubgrunt.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Barnarda F Subsurface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.biofuel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.NuclearFuel.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.callistoblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.CallistoBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ceresTChestT4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest Tier 4
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ceresblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.CeresBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ceresglowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Glowstone
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ceresweb.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Web
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.convertersurface.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Converter Surface
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.deimosblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.DeimosBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.enceladusTChestT6.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest Tier 6
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.enceladusblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnceladusBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.enceladuscrystal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Unknow Crystal
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.enceladusglowstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Enceladus Glowstone
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.europageyser.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Europa Geyser
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.europagrunt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.EuropaBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.europaunderwatergeyser.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Underwater Europa Geyser
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.fuelgenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Generator
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.futureglass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Future Glass
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.futureglasses.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.FutureGlasses.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ganymedeblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.GanymedeBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.geothermalgenerator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.haumeablocks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.HaumeaBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ioTChestT5.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest Tier 5
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ioblocks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.IOBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.iodualstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Io Dual Block Surface
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ioglowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Io Glowstone
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.ioweb.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Io Web
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.leadore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lead Ore
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.liquidmethane.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Methane
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.machineframes.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineFrames.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.makemakegrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MakemakeBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.mercuryblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MercuryBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.metalsblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MetalsBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.mirandablocks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MirandaBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.oberonblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.OberonBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.oxstoragemoduleT2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.OxygenStorageModuleT2.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.phobosblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.PhobosRock.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.plutoTChestT8.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest Tier 8
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.plutoblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.PlutoBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.plutoglowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Glowstone
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.proteusTChestT7.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest Tier 7
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.proteusblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Proteus Surface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.proteusglowstone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Proteus Glowstone
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.solarPanel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hybrid Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.solarwindpanel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Solar Wind Panel
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.storagemoduleT3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StorageModuleT3.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.tcetieblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.TCetiEBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.tcetiedandelions.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TCetiEBlockDandelions.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.titanblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.TitanBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.tritonblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.TritonBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.unknowwater.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.vegabgrunt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Vega B Surface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.vegabsubgrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vega B Subsurface Block
fe.protection.break.GalaxySpace.venusblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.VenusBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.break.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.break.Genetics.machine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Accumulation Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cinder
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Death Flower
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Decomposition Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK End Powder Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender Goo
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Head
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Endium Block
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endium Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cluster
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Extraction Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Experience Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Persegrit
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sphalerite
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spooky Log
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stardust Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Transport Beacon
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Void Chest
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCable.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockCable.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockCrop.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Door
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockElectric.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockHarz.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockITNT.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockMetal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockNuke.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockRubber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockWall.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockWall.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Magic Apiary
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.break.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bluebells
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.Cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Furnace
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Obelisk
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.break.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Thornvines
fe.protection.break.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood
fe.protection.break.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.maple.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Maple Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.florasapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.heatsand.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Heat Sand
fe.protection.break.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.planks.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.redwood.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Soil
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Maple Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Willow Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.tree.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.willow.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Willow
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK ?cAccess Point?7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Adapter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cable
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Disk Drive
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Geolyzer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Keyboard
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Microcontroller
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Motion Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Net Splitter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Power Converter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Power Distributor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.print.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK 3D Print
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK 3D Printer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rack
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Raid
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone I/O
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Robot.name
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Robot
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK ?cSwitch?7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Waypoint
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.RIO.intelligentWorkbench.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Intelligent Workbench
fe.protection.break.RIO.skylight.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Skylight
fe.protection.break.RIO.tile.machine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.RIO.tile.remote_interface.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Remote Interface
fe.protection.break.RIO.tile.remote_inventory.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Remote Inventory
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Imbuing Station
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Notification Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Online Detector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Block
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Glass
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Lever
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.ic2PowerUnit.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK IC2 Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.naquadahBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.naquadahOre.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.ocInterface.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.rfPowerUnit.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK RF Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.stargateBase.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stargate Base
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.stargateController.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stargate Controller
fe.protection.break.SGCraft.stargateRing.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.break.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energistics Connector
fe.protection.break.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK RF Node
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Module Toggler
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cart Assembler
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK External Distributor
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Junction Rail
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Gate
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creative Supplier
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign Updater
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Drawer Controller
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Controller Slave
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Framing Table
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Framed Trim
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1A.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1B.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2A.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2B.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4A.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4B.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2A.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2B.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4A.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4B.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.trimA.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersForestry.trimB.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersNatura.trim.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersnatura.trim.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Drying Rack
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Battlesign
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Station
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slab Furnace
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glue Block
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Frying Pan
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hambone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Landmine
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK SDX
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Ender
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alumite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Enderium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Invar
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lumium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shiny
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Signalum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Tin
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glue
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Slime
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slime Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bounce Pad
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Punji Stick
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dynamo
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shadow Ore
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warped Leaves
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Gas  
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Old Urn
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magic Box
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mana Pod Stem
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bound Chest
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bound Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Everburn Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Soul Brazier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Think Tank
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alchemite
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Seroconverter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bone
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Brain
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Deep Crystal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dust
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Eye Cluster
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Planar Gateway
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inspiratron
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Node Monitor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soul Beacon
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sieve
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soulforge
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Metal Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tooth
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Planar Boundary
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.metaphysicalBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalRose.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.metaphysicalRose.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicMachina.nodeTransmodifier.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Node Transmodifier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Interface
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Paving Slab of Warding
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.break.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Earth
fe.protection.break.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Polluted Soil
fe.protection.break.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldPortalFrame.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Containment Frame
fe.protection.break.ToxicEverglades.dimensionDarkWorld_portal.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ?kA Glimpse of the Future
fe.protection.break.ToxicEverglades.fluidSludge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stagnant Waste Water
fe.protection.break.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Grid
fe.protection.break.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.break.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.break.WarpTheory.blockVanish.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rose Vines
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Void Walkway
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.break.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aurora
fe.protection.break.Ztones.booster.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Booster
fe.protection.break.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampb.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampf.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampt.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ztone Tile
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.break.adventurebackpack.blockBackpack.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Adventure Backpacks
fe.protection.break.adventurebackpack.blockCampFire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK CampFire
fe.protection.break.adventurebackpack.blockSleepingBag.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Connector
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Neutronium Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Chest
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Chest
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BWExpReversePumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExpReversePump.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BWHeatedWaterPumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BWHeatedWaterPump.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BWRotorBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BWRotorBlock.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BW_FakeGlasBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BW_GlasBlocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BW_ItemBlocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK BW_ItemBlocks.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.BW_Machinery_Casings.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK BW_Machinery_Casings.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.GT_LESU_CASING.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK GT_LESU_CASING.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.bw.blockores.01.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK bw.blockores.01.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.bw.blockores.02.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK bw.blockores.02.name
fe.protection.break.bartworks.coloredFluidBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BioFluidBlock.name
fe.protection.break.battlegear2.flagpole.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.battlegear2:flagpole.name
fe.protection.break.betterquesting.submit_station.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Object Submission Station (OSS)
fe.protection.break.bq_rf.rf_station.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK RF Submission Station (RFSS)
fe.protection.break.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Caged Ladder
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Catwalk
fe.protection.break.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Scaffold
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.catwalks.support_column.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Support Column
fe.protection.break.cb4bq.BlockDLB.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Default Load Block
fe.protection.break.cb4bq.BlockHSB.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Hardcore Switch Block
fe.protection.break.cb4bq.BlockREB.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Reset Quest Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.amber.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.beacon.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.copperblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Futura Circuit
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold2.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron2.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leadblock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nation.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.present.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.rebel.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rebellious Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Road Lines
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.silverblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.steelblock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.tallow.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tallow
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.thaumium.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tinblock.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Valentines Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.compactkineticgenerators.BlockCkg.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Low Kinetic Wind Generator
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Audio Cable
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Camera
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Detector - Digital
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Radar
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Speech Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tape Drive
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.BabyChest.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Baby Chest
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Ammonia.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ammonia
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Nitrogen Gas
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Oxygen Gas
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Nitric Acid
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pollution
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sodium Potassium
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.gt.blockcasingsNH.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasingsNH.name
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.BlackPlutonium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Black Plutonium
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyIchorium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood-Soaked Ichorium Block
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood-Soaked Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blood-Soaked Void Block
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.CallistoColdIce.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Callisto Cold Ice Block
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.Charcoal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCharcoal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Compressed Coal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoalCoke.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedGraphite.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Graphite
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.DiamondFrameBox.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Frame Box
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Double Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Double Compressed Coal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Double Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.Ledox.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Ledox
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.MysteriousCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mysterious Crystal Block
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.Mytryl.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Mytryl
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Naquadah Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Neutronium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.PistonBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Piston Block
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quadruple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.Quantinum.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quantium
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quintuple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.SandClayMix.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sand Clay Mix
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Steel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Titanium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Triple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Triple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Triple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.dreamcraft.tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Tungstensteel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.enhancedportals.dbs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.enhancedportals.dbs_empty.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer (Empty)
fe.protection.break.enhancedportals.decor_dbs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Infused Metal
fe.protection.break.enhancedportals.decor_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bordered Quartz
fe.protection.break.enhancedportals.frame.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.frame.name
fe.protection.break.enhancedportals.portal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.craftingstorage.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.craftingstorage.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.break.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.break.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walrus
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Node in a Jar
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Claw
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Jar
fe.protection.break.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings6.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings8.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings8.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Animal Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Berry Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Churn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Desert Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grass Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ground Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Herb Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Goosberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barley Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Beet Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Celery Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Corn Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ginger Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grape Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leek Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oats Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Okra Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Onion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peanut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peas Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Radish Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rice Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rye Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Scallion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soybean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spinach Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Turnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Quern
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sink.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stalk Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Textile Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.bloodleafCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.fleshrootCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Flesh Root Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.glowFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Glow Flower
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.glowflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glow Flower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.ignisFruit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.marrowberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Marrow Berry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.netherBed.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Bed
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.netherGarden.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.netherLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Leaves
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.netherLog.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Log
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.netherPlanks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Planks
fe.protection.break.harvestthenether.netherSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ignis Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.irontank.copperTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Copper Tank
fe.protection.break.irontank.diamondTank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Tank
fe.protection.break.irontank.goldTank.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gold Tank
fe.protection.break.irontank.ironTank.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank
fe.protection.break.irontank.obsidianTank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.break.irontank.silverTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_controlrod_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nuclear Reactor Control Rod
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_gdcceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK GDC Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberoff_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nuclear Reactor Chamber (OFF)
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberon_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nuclear Reactor Chamber (ON)
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_tfftcasingblock_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK T.F.F.T Casing
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_tfftmultihatch_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK T.F.F.T Multi-Fluid I/O Hatch
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock1_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier I)
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock2_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier II)
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock3_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier III)
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock4_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier IV)
fe.protection.break.kekztech.kekztech_yszceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK YSZ Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block Mixer
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carriage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brown Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gray Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Green Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lime Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purple Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK SilverCurtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK White Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Door Factory
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Factory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jail Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Medieval Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mixed Block
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.null.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Player Sensor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Saloon Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Shoji Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Personal Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cable Diode
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cable Diode
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.FluidCryotheum.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.miscutils.FluidEnder.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.miscutils.FluidPyrotheum.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlackGate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wither Cage
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockAbyssalAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Abyssal Alloy
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockActinium.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Actinium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockAdvancedNitinol.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Advanced Nitinol
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockAmericium241.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Americium 241
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Ancient Granite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockArcanite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Arcanite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockArceusAlloy2B.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Arceus Alloy 2B
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockAstatine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Astatine
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockAstralTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Astral Titanium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBabbitAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Babbit Alloy
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBakelite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bakelite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBerkelium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Berkelium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBerylliumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Beryllium Fluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBlackMetal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Black Metal
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBlackTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Black Titanium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockBloodSteel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Blood Steel
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockCalifornium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Californium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Celestial Tungsten
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockChromaticGlass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chromatic Glass
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockCinobiteA243.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cinobite A243
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockCurium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Curium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockDragonblood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Dragon Metal
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockDysprosium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Dysprosium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Eglin Steel
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockEinsteinium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Einsteinium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockEnergyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Energy Crystal
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockFermium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Fermium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockFrancium.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Francium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Grisium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockHafnium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Hafnium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyC276.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Hastelloy-C276
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyN.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Hastelloy-N
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyW.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Hastelloy-W
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyX.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Hastelloy-X
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockHypogen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Hypogen
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloy020.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Incoloy-020
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyDS.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Incoloy-DS
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyMA956.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Incoloy-MA956
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockInconel625.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Inconel-625
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockInconel690.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Inconel-690
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockInconel792.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Inconel-792
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockIodine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iodine
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockLafiumCompound.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lafium Compound
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockLithium7.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lithium 7
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockLithiumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lithium Fluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel250.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Maraging Steel 250
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel300.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Maraging Steel 300
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel350.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Maraging Steel 350
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockNeptunium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Neptunium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Neptunium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockNiobiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Niobium Carbide
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nitinol 60
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockNylon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nylon
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockOctiron.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Octiron
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPikyonium64B.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Pikyonium 64B
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium238.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Plutonium 238
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium239.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Plutonium-239
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Polonium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium210.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Polonium 210
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPotin.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Potin
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockPromethium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Promethium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockProtactinium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Protactinium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quantum
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockRadium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Radium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockRhenium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Rhenium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockRhodium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Rhodium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockRhugnor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Rhugnor
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Runite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockRuthenium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Ruthenium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockSelenium.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Selenium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Selenium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockSiliconCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silicon Carbide
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockStaballoy.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Staballoy
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockStellite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Stellite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Strontium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium90.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Strontium 90
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTalonite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Talonite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy60.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tantalloy-60
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy61.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tantalloy-61
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTantalumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tantalum Carbide
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Technetium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Technetium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTeflon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Teflon
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTellurium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tellurium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockThallium.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Thallium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockThorium232.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Thorium 232
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Thorium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Thorium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTitansteel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Titansteel
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Trinium Naquadah Alloy
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Trinium Titanium Alloy
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTumbaga.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tumbaga
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tungsten Titanium Carbide
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockUranium232.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium 232
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockUranium233.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium 233
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Watertight Steel
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of White Metal
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockZeron100.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Zeron-100
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockZirconium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Zirconium
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Zirconium Carbide
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Zirconium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockCircuitProgrammer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockCompressedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCompressedObsidian.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockDecayablesChest.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDecayablesChest.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFirePit.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fire Pit
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFishTrap.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fish Catcher
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Arcanite Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arceus Alloy 2B Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Astral Titanium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Black Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blood Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Tungsten Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chromatic Glass Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cinobite A243 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dysprosium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eglin Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Energy Crystal Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Grisium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Hafnium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hastelloy-C276 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hastelloy-N Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hastelloy-W Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hastelloy-X Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Hypogen Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Incoloy-020 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Incoloy-DS Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Incoloy-MA956 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Inconel-625 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Inconel-690 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Inconel-792 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtIodine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Iodine Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lafium Compound Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Maraging Steel 250 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Maraging Steel 300 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Maraging Steel 350 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Niobium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Nitinol 60 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Octiron Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pikyonium 64B Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Potin Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Rhenium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Rhodium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ruthenium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Selenium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Silicon Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Staballoy Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtStellite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stellite Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Strontium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Talonite Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tantalloy-60 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tantalloy-61 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tantalum Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tellurium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtThallium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Thallium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Titansteel Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Trinium Titanium Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tumbaga Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Titanium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Watertight Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK White Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Zeron-100 Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Zirconium Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Zirconium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.detector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockGenericRedstone.detector.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.test.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockGenericRedstone.test.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockHeliumGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Helium Generator
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockHellFire.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hellish Fire
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockInfiniteFluidTank.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Infinite Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockMFEffect.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Special
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockMiningExplosives.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mining Explosives
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockMiningHeadFake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Drill
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockMiningPipeFake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockMobSpawnerEx.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMobSpawnerEx.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockModularity.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Modularity Bench
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockNet.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Net
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockPestKiller.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPestKiller.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockPooCollector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Agricultural Sewer
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockProjectBench.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Project Table
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Leaves
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLog.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rainforest Oak
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockRainforestOakSapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Rainforest Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockSuperJukebox.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSuperJukebox.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockTankXpConverter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Experience Converter
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockTradeBench.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Trade Bench
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGT.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Workbench
fe.protection.break.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGTAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Workbench
fe.protection.break.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.miscutils.blockcasings.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK miscutils.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.break.miscutils.miscutils_fluidBlockSludge.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreAgarditeCd.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreAgarditeLa.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreAgarditeNd.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreAgarditeY.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreAlburnite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreAncientGranite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreBariteRd.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreCerite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cerite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreComancheite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreCrocoite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreCryolite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreDemicheleiteBr.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreFlorencite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Florencite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreFluorcaphite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreFluorite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreGadoliniteCe.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreGadoliniteY.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreGeikielite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreGreenockite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreHibonite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreHoneaite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreIrarsite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreKashinite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreKoboldite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreLafossaite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreLanthaniteCe.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreLanthaniteLa.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreLanthaniteNd.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreLautarite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreLepersonnite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreMiessiite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreNichromite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.orePerroudite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.orePolycrase.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Strange Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreRareEarthI.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreRareEarthII.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreRareEarthIII.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreRunite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Runite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreSamarskiteY.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreSamarskiteYb.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreTitanite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Titanite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreXenotime.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreYttriaite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreYttrialite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreYttrocerite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreZimbabweite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreZircon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Zircon Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreZirconolite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreZircophyllite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.oreZirkelite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.break.miscutils.tile.playerDoorCactus.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Auto-Door
fe.protection.break.miscutils.tile.playerDoorGlass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Glass Auto-Door
fe.protection.break.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIce.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice Auto-Door
fe.protection.break.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIron.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Iron Auto-Door
fe.protection.break.miscutils.tile.playerDoorWood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Auto-Door
fe.protection.break.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Laser Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.break.openprinter.openprinter.filecabinet.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.break.openprinter.openprinter.printer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Open Printer
fe.protection.break.openprinter.openprinter.shredder.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Open Shredder
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.SecurityDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.SecurityDoorPrivate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.alarm.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Alarm
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.biometricScanner.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Biometric Reader
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.doorcontroller.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Door Controller
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.energyTurretBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Energy Turret
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.entitydetector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Entity Detector
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.keypadLock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Keypad
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.magreader.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.opensecurity.BlockKVM.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK KVM Switch
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.opensecurity.DataBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Data Block
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.opensecurity.SwitchableHub.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Switchable Hub
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.rfidreader.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK RFID Reader
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.rfidwriter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Card Writer
fe.protection.break.sleepingbag.sleepingBagBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.sleepingBagBlock.name
fe.protection.break.supersolarpanel.AdminSolarPanel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light-Absorbing Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.supersolarpanel.PhotonicSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Photonic Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.supersolarpanel.SingularSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Singular Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.supersolarpanel.SpectralSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.tectech.blockBlockGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.Block of Germanium.name
fe.protection.break.tectech.blockFrameGtGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Germanium Frame Box.name
fe.protection.break.tectech.gt.blockcasingsBA0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasingsBA0.name
fe.protection.break.tectech.gt.blockcasingsTT.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasingsTT.name
fe.protection.break.tectech.gt.blockhintTT.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockhintTT.name
fe.protection.break.tectech.tile.quantumGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Glass
fe.protection.break.tectech.tile.quantumStuff.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Stuff
fe.protection.break.tectech.tile.reactorSim.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Simulator
fe.protection.break.tectech.tile.turretBaseEM.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Elemental Turret Base
fe.protection.break.tectech.tile.turretHeadEM.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Elemental Matter Turret
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Primal Shroom
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aurelia
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brazier of Warding
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Briar
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mage's Campfire
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fluxium
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Node Linking Device
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Node Manipulator
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Overchanting Table
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plax Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pyrofluid
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redlon Stem
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.spike.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sweed Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Thauminite Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Void metal Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Void Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) BREAK Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) BREAK Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Aeon Steel Block
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.Block_ArmorAnvil.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Armor Anvil
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.Block_CrestMount.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crest Mount
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.Block_JewelersBench.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jeweler's Bench
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dogbearium Block
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Queen's Gold Block
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.moltenDogbearium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Dogbearium
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.moltenQueensGold.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Queen's Gold
fe.protection.break.tinkersdefense.moltenaeonsteel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aeon Steel
fe.protection.break.utilityworlds.uw_portal_garden.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Garden Portal
fe.protection.break.utilityworlds.uw_portal_mining.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mining Portal
fe.protection.break.utilityworlds.uw_portal_return.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Return Portal
fe.protection.break.utilityworlds.uw_portal_void.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Void Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alluring Skull
fe.protection.break.witchery.altar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.artichoke.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water Artichoke
fe.protection.break.witchery.barrier.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.witchery.beartrap.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beartrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.belladonna.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Belladonna
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Crucible
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blood Poppy
fe.protection.break.witchery.bramble.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brazier.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Brazier
fe.protection.break.witchery.brew.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewgas.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.cactus.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.witchery.candelabra.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.witchery.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.chalice.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chalice
fe.protection.break.witchery.circle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Heart Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.clever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coffin
fe.protection.break.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Critter Snare
fe.protection.break.witchery.crystalball.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Ball
fe.protection.break.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sun Collector
fe.protection.break.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.break.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.break.witchery.demonheart.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Demon Heart
fe.protection.break.witchery.disease.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Disease
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dream Weaver
fe.protection.break.witchery.embermoss.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ember Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.force.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Solid
fe.protection.break.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Garland
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Garlic
fe.protection.break.witchery.glintweed.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glint Weed
fe.protection.break.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glow Globe
fe.protection.break.witchery.grassper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grassper
fe.protection.break.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoor.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Fence
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Gate
fe.protection.break.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.iceslab.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestairs.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestockade.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Egg
fe.protection.break.witchery.kettle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Kettle
fe.protection.break.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaping Lily
fe.protection.break.witchery.leechchest.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Leech Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.light.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.lilypad.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.mandrake.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mandrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mindrake.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Minedrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mirror Surface
fe.protection.break.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.witchery.placeditem.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.plantmine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.break.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.silvervat.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vat
fe.protection.break.witchery.slurp.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowbell.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snowbell
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowslab.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snow Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Snow Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.break.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Alder Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.break.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.break.witchery.stockade.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Torment Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Torment Stone
fe.protection.break.witchery.trent.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Trent Effigy
fe.protection.break.witchery.vine.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Void Bramble
fe.protection.break.witchery.wallgen.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.web.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Web
fe.protection.break.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchlog.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Head
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wolfsbane
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wolftrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.wormwood.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wormwood
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                           # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.AFSU.AFSU.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE AFSU
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of GregoriusT's Blood
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Table
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mimic Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleposer
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Light
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Filled Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Portal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Essence
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Container
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Speed Rune
fe.protection.explode.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.explode.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Architectural Block
fe.protection.explode.Australia.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.Australia.blockAustralianSand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAustralianTopSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.Australia.blockAustralianTopSoil.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAustralianSand.name
fe.protection.explode.Australia.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ?ktile.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eager Chest
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Signum Entia
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Locus
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Finical Maw
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Greedy Chest
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hourglass
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Maw
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventarium Core
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Siren's Lure
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nethermind
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Phenomenon
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Comparator
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Requisition Tome
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tally Box
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Reader
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Stone
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Stone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crag Rock
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravestone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poison
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tree Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisteria
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.block_burned_string.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Burned String
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_cake.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Cake
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Infused Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Infused Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Infused Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_planks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Infused Wooden Plank
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_wood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Infused Wood
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Lamp
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_glass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stained Ice
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice_packed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stained Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_tnt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood TNT
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.blood_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Torch
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.compacted_mrs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacted Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.compacter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Compacter
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.life_infuser.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Infuser
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.lp_materializer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Essence Materializer
fe.protection.explode.BloodArsenal.portable_altar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Portable Altar
fe.protection.explode.Botany.ceramic.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.flower.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.loam.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.plant.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.stained.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect Table
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Filler
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronic Library
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Block
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Land Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Plasma Block
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chute
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Flood Gate
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Well
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pump
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Requester
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zone Planner
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pipe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Disenchanter
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Generator
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Particle Generator
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Potentiometer
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Dial
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Controller
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMTMachines.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMTSolars.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMTSolars2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.solar2.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMTSolars3.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.solar3.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMTSolars4.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.solar4.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMTSolars5.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.solar5.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.EssentiaGenerators.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EMT.essentia.name
fe.protection.explode.EMT.PortableNode.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Portable Node
fe.protection.explode.EMT.ShieldBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.EMT.electricCloud.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Cloud
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender IO
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Rail
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Water
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hootch
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Killer Joe
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fence
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Gate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Slab
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Wall
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Machine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Binder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Telepad Block
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE The Vat
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Charge
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.door.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chandelier
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Collector
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT Generator
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Post
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.carbonFloodlight.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Non-electric Floodlight
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.electricFloodlight.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Floodlight
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.growLight.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grow Light
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floodlights:smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.tilePhantomLight.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floodlights:tilePhantomLight.name
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.tileUVLight.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floodlights:tileUVLight.name
fe.protection.explode.FloodLights.uvFloodlight.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE UV Floodlight
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Log
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.alveary.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.beehives.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.core.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.engine.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fences.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethanol
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Biomass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Oil
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logs.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mail.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.pods.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resources.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stump.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Communications Dish
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Parachest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Display Screen
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Ice
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.acentauribbgrunt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE ? Centauri Bb Surface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.acentauribbsubgrunt.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ? Centauri Bb Subsurface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.assemblymachine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Machine
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Crystal
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelion3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda C Dandelion 
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelions.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Barnarda2Dandelions.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdirt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda C Dirt
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCgrass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda C Grass
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCleaves.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda C Leaves Log 
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaClog.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda C Log 
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCplanks.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Barnarda2Planks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCreed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Barnarda2Reed.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaCsapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Log Barnarda C Sapling 
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaEgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda E Surface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoregold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoreiron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaEsubgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda E Subsurface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaFgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda F Surface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.barnardaFsubgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Barnarda F Subsurface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.biofuel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.NuclearFuel.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.callistoblocks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CallistoBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ceresTChestT4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest Tier 4
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ceresblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CeresBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ceresglowstone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ceresweb.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Web
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.convertersurface.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Converter Surface
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.deimosblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DeimosBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.enceladusTChestT6.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest Tier 6
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.enceladusblocks.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnceladusBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.enceladuscrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unknow Crystal
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.enceladusglowstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Enceladus Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.europageyser.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Geyser
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.europagrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EuropaBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.europaunderwatergeyser.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Underwater Europa Geyser
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.fuelgenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Generator
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.futureglass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Future Glass
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.futureglasses.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FutureGlasses.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ganymedeblocks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GanymedeBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.geothermalgenerator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.haumeablocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.HaumeaBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ioTChestT5.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest Tier 5
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ioblocks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IOBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.iodualstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Io Dual Block Surface
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ioglowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Io Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.ioweb.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Io Web
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.leadore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Ore
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.liquidmethane.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.machineframes.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.makemakegrunt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MakemakeBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.mercuryblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MercuryBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.metalsblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MetalsBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.mirandablocks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MirandaBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.oberonblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OberonBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.oxstoragemoduleT2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OxygenStorageModuleT2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.phobosblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PhobosRock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.plutoTChestT8.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest Tier 8
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.plutoblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PlutoBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.plutoglowstone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.proteusTChestT7.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest Tier 7
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.proteusblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Proteus Surface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.proteusglowstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Proteus Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.solarPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hybrid Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.solarwindpanel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Wind Panel
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.storagemoduleT3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StorageModuleT3.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.tcetieblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TCetiEBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.tcetiedandelions.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TCetiEBlockDandelions.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.titanblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TitanBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.tritonblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TritonBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.unknowwater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.vegabgrunt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vega B Surface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.vegabsubgrunt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vega B Subsurface Block
fe.protection.explode.GalaxySpace.venusblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.VenusBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.Genetics.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Death Flower
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Goo
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Head
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Block
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Extraction Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Persegrit
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sphalerite
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spooky Log
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Chest
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockCable.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockCable.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockWall.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockWall.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.JABBA.barrel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Better Barrel
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bluebells
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Thornvines
fe.protection.explode.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood
fe.protection.explode.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.florasapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.heatsand.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Sand
fe.protection.explode.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.redwood.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.tree.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.willow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ?cAccess Point?7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Adapter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Disk Drive
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Geolyzer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Keyboard
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Microcontroller
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Net Splitter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Converter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Distributor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.print.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Print
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Printer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rack
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Raid
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ?cSwitch?7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Waypoint
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.RIO.intelligentWorkbench.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Intelligent Workbench
fe.protection.explode.RIO.skylight.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Skylight
fe.protection.explode.RIO.tile.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.RIO.tile.remote_interface.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Interface
fe.protection.explode.RIO.tile.remote_inventory.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Inventory
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Notification Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Online Detector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Block
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.ic2PowerUnit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE IC2 Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.naquadahBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.naquadahOre.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.ocInterface.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.rfPowerUnit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.stargateBase.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stargate Base
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.stargateController.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stargate Controller
fe.protection.explode.SGCraft.stargateRing.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.explode.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.explode.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Node
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Module Toggler
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE External Distributor
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Junction Rail
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Gate
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign Updater
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Controller Slave
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Framing Table
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Trim
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1A.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1B.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2A.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2B.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4A.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4B.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2A.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2B.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4A.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4B.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.trimA.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersForestry.trimB.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawersNatura.trim.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storagedrawersnatura.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Drying Rack
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Battlesign
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Station
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue Block
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Frying Pan
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hambone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Landmine
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SDX
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Invar
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Stick
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Urn
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Box
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mana Pod Stem
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bound Chest
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bound Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Think Tank
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemite
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Seroconverter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dust
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inspiratron
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Monitor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulforge
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tooth
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metaphysicalBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalRose.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.metaphysicalRose.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicMachina.nodeTransmodifier.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Transmodifier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Slab of Warding
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.explode.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Earth
fe.protection.explode.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Polluted Soil
fe.protection.explode.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldPortalFrame.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Containment Frame
fe.protection.explode.ToxicEverglades.dimensionDarkWorld_portal.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ?kA Glimpse of the Future
fe.protection.explode.ToxicEverglades.fluidSludge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stagnant Waste Water
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.explode.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.WarpTheory.blockVanish.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose Vines
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Walkway
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.explode.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.booster.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Soil
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampb.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampf.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampt.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.adventurebackpack.blockBackpack.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Adventure Backpacks
fe.protection.explode.adventurebackpack.blockCampFire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE CampFire
fe.protection.explode.adventurebackpack.blockSleepingBag.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutronium Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BWExpReversePumpBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExpReversePump.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BWHeatedWaterPumpBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BWHeatedWaterPump.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BWRotorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BWRotorBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BW_FakeGlasBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BW_GlasBlocks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BW_ItemBlocks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE BW_ItemBlocks.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.BW_Machinery_Casings.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE BW_Machinery_Casings.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.GT_LESU_CASING.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE GT_LESU_CASING.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.bw.blockores.01.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE bw.blockores.01.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.bw.blockores.02.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE bw.blockores.02.name
fe.protection.explode.bartworks.coloredFluidBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BioFluidBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.battlegear2.flagpole.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.battlegear2:flagpole.name
fe.protection.explode.betterquesting.submit_station.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Object Submission Station (OSS)
fe.protection.explode.bq_rf.rf_station.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Submission Station (RFSS)
fe.protection.explode.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Catwalk
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.catwalks.support_column.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Support Column
fe.protection.explode.cb4bq.BlockDLB.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Default Load Block
fe.protection.explode.cb4bq.BlockHSB.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardcore Switch Block
fe.protection.explode.cb4bq.BlockREB.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reset Quest Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.amber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.beacon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Rune
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.copperblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold2.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.grimstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grimstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.holystone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron2.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leadblock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nation.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.present.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.rebel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.road_line.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Road Lines
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.silverblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.steelblock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tallow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical4.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.thaumium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tinblock.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch1.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch10.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch3.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch4.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch5.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch6.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch7.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch8.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch9.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.warningSign.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Warning Sign
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.explode.compactkineticgenerators.BlockCkg.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Low Kinetic Wind Generator
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Audio Cable
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Camera
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Speech Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tape Drive
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.BabyChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Baby Chest
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Ammonia.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ammonia
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Nitrogen Gas
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Oxygen Gas
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitric Acid
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pollution
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sodium Potassium
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.gt.blockcasingsNH.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasingsNH.name
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.BlackPlutonium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Black Plutonium
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyIchorium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-Soaked Ichorium Block
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-Soaked Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyVoid.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-Soaked Void Block
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.CallistoColdIce.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Callisto Cold Ice Block
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.Charcoal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCharcoal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Compressed Coal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoalCoke.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedGraphite.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Graphite
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.DiamondFrameBox.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Double Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Double Compressed Coal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Double Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.Ledox.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Ledox
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.MysteriousCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mysterious Crystal Block
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.Mytryl.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Mytryl
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadah Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutronium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.PistonBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston Block
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quadruple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.Quantinum.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quantium
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quintuple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.SandClayMix.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Clay Mix
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Triple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Triple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Triple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.dreamcraft.tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungstensteel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.enhancedportals.dbs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.enhancedportals.dbs_empty.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer (Empty)
fe.protection.explode.enhancedportals.decor_dbs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Infused Metal
fe.protection.explode.enhancedportals.decor_frame.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bordered Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enhancedportals.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.enhancedportals.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.craftingstorage.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.craftingstorage.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.explode.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walrus
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Claw
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Jar
fe.protection.explode.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings6.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings8.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings8.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Berry Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Churn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cutting Board
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Desert Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Herb Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Goosberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barley Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Beet Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Celery Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leek Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oats Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Okra Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Onion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peas Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Radish Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Quern
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Textile Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.bloodleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.fleshrootCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh Root Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.glowFlower.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Flower
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.glowflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Flower Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.ignisFruit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.marrowberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Marrow Berry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.netherBed.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Bed
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.netherGarden.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.netherLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Leaves
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.netherLog.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Log
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.netherPlanks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Planks
fe.protection.explode.harvestthenether.netherSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ignis Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.irontank.copperTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontank.diamondTank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontank.goldTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontank.ironTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontank.obsidianTank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontank.silverTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_controlrod_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuclear Reactor Control Rod
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_gdcceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE GDC Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberoff_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuclear Reactor Chamber (OFF)
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberon_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuclear Reactor Chamber (ON)
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_tfftcasingblock_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE T.F.F.T Casing
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_tfftmultihatch_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE T.F.F.T Multi-Fluid I/O Hatch
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock1_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier I)
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock2_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier II)
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock3_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier III)
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock4_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier IV)
fe.protection.explode.kekztech.kekztech_yszceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE YSZ Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Mixer
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carriage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE White Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Door Factory
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jail Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Medieval Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mixed Block
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.null.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Sensor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Saloon Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Shoji Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Personal Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable Diode
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable Diode
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.FluidCryotheum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.FluidEnder.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.FluidPyrotheum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlackGate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Cage
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Abyssal Alloy
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockActinium.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Actinium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Advanced Nitinol
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Americium 241
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Ancient Granite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Arcanite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Arceus Alloy 2B
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Astatine
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Astral Titanium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Babbit Alloy
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBakelite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bakelite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Berkelium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBerylliumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Beryllium Fluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Black Metal
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBlackTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Black Titanium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Blood Steel
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Californium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Celestial Tungsten
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chromatic Glass
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cinobite A243
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockCurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Curium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockDragonblood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Dragon Metal
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Dysprosium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Eglin Steel
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Einsteinium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Energy Crystal
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockFermium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Fermium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Francium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Grisium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Hafnium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Hastelloy-C276
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Hastelloy-N
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Hastelloy-W
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Hastelloy-X
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Hypogen
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Incoloy-020
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Incoloy-DS
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Incoloy-MA956
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Inconel-625
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Inconel-690
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Inconel-792
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockIodine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iodine
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lafium Compound
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockLithium7.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lithium 7
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockLithiumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lithium Fluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Maraging Steel 250
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Maraging Steel 300
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Maraging Steel 350
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Neptunium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Neptunium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Niobium Carbide
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nitinol 60
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockNylon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nylon
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Octiron
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Pikyonium 64B
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Plutonium 238
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Plutonium-239
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Polonium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Polonium 210
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Potin
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockPromethium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Promethium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Protactinium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quantum
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockRadium.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Radium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Rhenium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Rhodium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Rhugnor
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockRunite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Runite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Ruthenium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Selenium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Selenium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silicon Carbide
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Staballoy
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockStellite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Stellite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Strontium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Strontium 90
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Talonite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tantalloy-60
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tantalloy-61
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tantalum Carbide
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Technetium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Technetium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTeflon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Teflon
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tellurium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockThallium.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Thallium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Thorium 232
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Thorium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Thorium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Titansteel
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Trinium Naquadah Alloy
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Trinium Titanium Alloy
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tumbaga
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tungsten Titanium Carbide
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockUranium232.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium 232
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockUranium233.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium 233
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Watertight Steel
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of White Metal
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Zeron-100
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Zirconium
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Zirconium Carbide
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Zirconium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockCircuitProgrammer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockCompressedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCompressedObsidian.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockDecayablesChest.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDecayablesChest.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFirePit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Pit
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFishTrap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Catcher
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtArcanite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcanite Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arceus Alloy 2B Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtAstralTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Astral Titanium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtBlackMetal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtBloodSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Tungsten Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtChromaticGlass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chromatic Glass Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtCinobiteA243.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinobite A243 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtDysprosium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dysprosium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtEglinSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eglin Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Crystal Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtGrisium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Grisium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtHafnium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hafnium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyC276.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hastelloy-C276 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyN.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hastelloy-N Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyW.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hastelloy-W Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyX.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hastelloy-X Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtHypogen.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hypogen Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloy020.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Incoloy-020 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyDS.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Incoloy-DS Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Incoloy-MA956 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel625.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Inconel-625 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel690.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Inconel-690 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel792.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Inconel-792 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtIodine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Iodine Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtLafiumCompound.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lafium Compound Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Maraging Steel 250 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Maraging Steel 300 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Maraging Steel 350 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Niobium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtNitinol60.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitinol 60 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtOctiron.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Octiron Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtPikyonium64B.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pikyonium 64B Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtPotin.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Potin Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtQuantum.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhenium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhenium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhodium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhodium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtRuthenium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruthenium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtSelenium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Selenium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicon Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtStaballoy.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Staballoy Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtStellite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stellite Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtStrontium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Strontium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTalonite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Talonite Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy60.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tantalloy-60 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy61.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tantalloy-61 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tantalum Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTellurium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tellurium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtThallium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Thallium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTitansteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Titansteel Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Trinium Titanium Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTumbaga.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tumbaga Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtWatertightSteel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Watertight Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtWhiteMetal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtZeron100.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Zeron-100 Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Zirconium Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Zirconium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.detector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockGenericRedstone.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.test.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockGenericRedstone.test.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockHeliumGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Generator
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockHellFire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellish Fire
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockInfiniteFluidTank.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinite Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockMFEffect.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Special
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockMiningExplosives.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Explosives
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockMiningHeadFake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock Drill
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockMiningPipeFake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockMobSpawnerEx.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMobSpawnerEx.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockModularity.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Modularity Bench
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockNet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Net
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockPestKiller.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPestKiller.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockPooCollector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Agricultural Sewer
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockProjectBench.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Project Table
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Leaves
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLog.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainforest Oak
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockRainforestOakSapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainforest Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockSuperJukebox.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSuperJukebox.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockTankXpConverter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Converter
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockTradeBench.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Trade Bench
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGT.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Workbench
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGTAdvanced.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Workbench
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.miscutils.blockcasings.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE miscutils.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.miscutils_fluidBlockSludge.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreAgarditeCd.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreAgarditeLa.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreAgarditeNd.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreAgarditeY.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreAlburnite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreAncientGranite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreBariteRd.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreCerite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cerite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreComancheite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreCrocoite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreCryolite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreDemicheleiteBr.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreFlorencite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Florencite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreFluorcaphite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreFluorite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreGadoliniteCe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreGadoliniteY.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreGeikielite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreGreenockite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreHibonite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreHoneaite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreIrarsite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreKashinite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreKoboldite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreLafossaite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreLanthaniteCe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreLanthaniteLa.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreLanthaniteNd.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreLautarite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreLepersonnite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreMiessiite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreNichromite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.orePerroudite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.orePolycrase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Strange Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreRareEarthI.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreRareEarthII.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreRareEarthIII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreRunite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Runite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreSamarskiteY.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreSamarskiteYb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreTitanite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreXenotime.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreYttriaite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreYttrialite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreYttrocerite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreZimbabweite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreZircon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Zircon Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreZirconolite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreZircophyllite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.oreZirkelite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.tile.playerDoorCactus.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus Auto-Door
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.tile.playerDoorGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Auto-Door
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIce.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Auto-Door
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIron.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Auto-Door
fe.protection.explode.miscutils.tile.playerDoorWood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Auto-Door
fe.protection.explode.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.openprinter.filecabinet.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.openprinter.printer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Open Printer
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.openprinter.shredder.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Open Shredder
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.SecurityDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.SecurityDoorPrivate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.alarm.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Alarm
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.biometricScanner.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Biometric Reader
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.doorcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Door Controller
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.energyTurretBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Turret
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.entitydetector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Entity Detector
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.keypadLock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Keypad
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.magreader.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.opensecurity.BlockKVM.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE KVM Switch
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.opensecurity.DataBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Data Block
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.opensecurity.SwitchableHub.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Switchable Hub
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.rfidreader.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE RFID Reader
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.rfidwriter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Card Writer
fe.protection.explode.sleepingbag.sleepingBagBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sleepingBagBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.supersolarpanel.AdminSolarPanel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light-Absorbing Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.supersolarpanel.PhotonicSolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Photonic Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.supersolarpanel.SingularSolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Singular Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.supersolarpanel.SpectralSolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.tectech.blockBlockGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Block of Germanium.name
fe.protection.explode.tectech.blockFrameGtGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Germanium Frame Box.name
fe.protection.explode.tectech.gt.blockcasingsBA0.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasingsBA0.name
fe.protection.explode.tectech.gt.blockcasingsTT.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasingsTT.name
fe.protection.explode.tectech.gt.blockhintTT.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockhintTT.name
fe.protection.explode.tectech.tile.quantumGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Glass
fe.protection.explode.tectech.tile.quantumStuff.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Stuff
fe.protection.explode.tectech.tile.reactorSim.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Simulator
fe.protection.explode.tectech.tile.turretBaseEM.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Elemental Turret Base
fe.protection.explode.tectech.tile.turretHeadEM.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Elemental Matter Turret
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Shroom
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurelia
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brazier of Warding
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Briar
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mage's Campfire
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluxium
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Linking Device
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Overchanting Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plax Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pyrofluid
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redlon Stem
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spike.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Thauminite Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Void metal Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Aeon Steel Block
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.Block_ArmorAnvil.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Anvil
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.Block_CrestMount.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crest Mount
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.Block_JewelersBench.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jeweler's Bench
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dogbearium Block
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Queen's Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.moltenDogbearium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Dogbearium
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.moltenQueensGold.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Queen's Gold
fe.protection.explode.tinkersdefense.moltenaeonsteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aeon Steel
fe.protection.explode.utilityworlds.uw_portal_garden.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Portal
fe.protection.explode.utilityworlds.uw_portal_mining.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Portal
fe.protection.explode.utilityworlds.uw_portal_return.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Return Portal
fe.protection.explode.utilityworlds.uw_portal_void.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.explode.witchery.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.artichoke.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.explode.witchery.barrier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beartrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.belladonna.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Belladonna
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bramble.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brazier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brazier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brew.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewgas.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.witchery.candelabra.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.chalice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chalice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.clever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffin
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Critter Snare
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crystalball.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.explode.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Collector
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.explode.witchery.demonheart.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Heart
fe.protection.explode.witchery.disease.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Disease
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.explode.witchery.embermoss.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ember Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.force.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid
fe.protection.explode.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glintweed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glint Weed
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Globe
fe.protection.explode.witchery.grassper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grassper
fe.protection.explode.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Fence
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Gate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.iceslab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestairs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestockade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.explode.witchery.kettle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Kettle
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leechchest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Leech Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.light.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mandrake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mandrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mindrake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Minedrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.explode.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.witchery.placeditem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.plantmine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.explode.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.silvervat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Vat
fe.protection.explode.witchery.slurp.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowbell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowbell
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowslab.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stockade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Stone
fe.protection.explode.witchery.trent.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine
fe.protection.explode.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Bramble
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wallgen.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.web.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Web
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchlog.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Head
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolftrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wormwood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wormwood
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                          # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AFSU.AFSU.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT AFSU
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of GregoriusT's Blood
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Conduit
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Crucible
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demon's Chest
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Table
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mimic Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Schematic Saver
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Teleposer
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Light
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Filled Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Portal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Container
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Speed Rune
fe.protection.interact.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.interact.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Architectural Block
fe.protection.interact.Australia.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.Australia.blockAustralianSand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAustralianTopSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.Australia.blockAustralianTopSoil.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAustralianSand.name
fe.protection.interact.Australia.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ?ktile.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eager Chest
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Signum Entia
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Locus
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Finical Maw
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Greedy Chest
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hourglass
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Maw
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Inventarium Core
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Siren's Lure
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nethermind
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Phenomenon
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Comparator
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Requisition Tome
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tally Box
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Reader
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Stone
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Neutron Collector
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Stone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bones.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crag Rock
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flowering Vines
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gravestone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Sand
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Long Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petals.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plants.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poison
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wisteria
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.block_burned_string.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Burned String
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_cake.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Cake
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Infused Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Infused Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Infused Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_planks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Infused Wooden Plank
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_wood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Infused Wood
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Lamp
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_glass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stained Ice
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice_packed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stained Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_tnt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood TNT
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.blood_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Torch
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.compacted_mrs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Compacted Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.compacter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Compacter
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.life_infuser.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Life Infuser
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.lp_materializer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence Materializer
fe.protection.interact.BloodArsenal.portable_altar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Portable Altar
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramic.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flower.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.loam.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.loam.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.plant.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.soil.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.stained.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Architect Table
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Builder
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Filler
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electronic Library
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Block
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Land Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Plasma Block
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Workbench
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chute
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Gate
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Well
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pump
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Requester
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zone Planner
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Laser
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Recipe Packager
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pipe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Disenchanter
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Draconic Chest
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Ore
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Infuser
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Pylon
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Generator
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Grinder
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Particle Generator
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Potentiometer
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rain Sensor
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Dial
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Controller
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Distortion Flame
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMTMachines.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMTSolars.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMTSolars2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.solar2.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMTSolars3.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.solar3.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMTSolars4.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.solar4.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMTSolars5.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.solar5.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.EssentiaGenerators.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EMT.essentia.name
fe.protection.interact.EMT.PortableNode.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Portable Node
fe.protection.interact.EMT.ShieldBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.EMT.electricCloud.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Cloud
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Conduit Connector
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender IO
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Rail
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Skull
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Water
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hootch
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ingot Storage
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Panel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Killer Joe
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Carpet
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fence
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Gate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stairs
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wall
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Machine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Spawner
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Binder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Telepad Block
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Travel Anchor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT The Vat
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charger
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Concussion Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Confusing Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Charge
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.door.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chandelier
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mini-Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Collector
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Quarry
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.carbonFloodlight.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Non-electric Floodlight
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.electricFloodlight.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Floodlight
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.growLight.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grow Light
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floodlights:smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.tilePhantomLight.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floodlights:tilePhantomLight.name
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.tileUVLight.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floodlights:tileUVLight.name
fe.protection.interact.FloodLights.uvFloodlight.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT UV Floodlight
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Star Block
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Log
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Planks
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wrath Cage
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.beehives.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.core.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.engine.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logs.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mail.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.pods.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resources.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.soil.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairs.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stump.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arc Lamp
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cheese
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Communications Dish
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Parachest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT NASA Workbench
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spin Thruster
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Display Screen
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Egg
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Ice
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mars.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.acentauribbgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT ? Centauri Bb Surface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.acentauribbsubgrunt.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT ? Centauri Bb Subsurface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.assemblymachine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Machine
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCcrystal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Crystal
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelion3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda C Dandelion 
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelions.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Barnarda2Dandelions.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdirt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda C Dirt
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCgrass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda C Grass
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCleaves.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda C Leaves Log 
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaClog.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda C Log 
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCplanks.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Barnarda2Planks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCreed.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Barnarda2Reed.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaCsapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Log Barnarda C Sapling 
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaEgrunt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda E Surface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoregold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoreiron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaEsubgrunt.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda E Subsurface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaFgrunt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda F Surface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.barnardaFsubgrunt.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Barnarda F Subsurface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.biofuel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.NuclearFuel.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.callistoblocks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CallistoBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ceresTChestT4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest Tier 4
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ceresblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CeresBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ceresglowstone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ceresweb.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Web
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.convertersurface.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Converter Surface
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.deimosblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DeimosBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.enceladusTChestT6.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest Tier 6
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.enceladusblocks.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnceladusBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.enceladuscrystal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unknow Crystal
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.enceladusglowstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enceladus Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.europageyser.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Geyser
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.europagrunt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EuropaBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.europaunderwatergeyser.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Underwater Europa Geyser
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.fuelgenerator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Generator
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.futureglass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Future Glass
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.futureglasses.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FutureGlasses.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ganymedeblocks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GanymedeBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.geothermalgenerator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.haumeablocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.HaumeaBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ioTChestT5.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest Tier 5
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ioblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IOBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.iodualstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Io Dual Block Surface
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ioglowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Io Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.ioweb.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Io Web
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.leadore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Ore
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.liquidmethane.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Methane
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.machineframes.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.makemakegrunt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MakemakeBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.mercuryblocks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MercuryBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.metalsblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MetalsBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.mirandablocks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MirandaBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.oberonblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OberonBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.oxstoragemoduleT2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OxygenStorageModuleT2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.phobosblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PhobosRock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.plutoTChestT8.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest Tier 8
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.plutoblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PlutoBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.plutoglowstone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.proteusTChestT7.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest Tier 7
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.proteusblocks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Proteus Surface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.proteusglowstone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Proteus Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.solarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hybrid Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.solarwindpanel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Wind Panel
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.storagemoduleT3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StorageModuleT3.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.tcetieblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TCetiEBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.tcetiedandelions.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TCetiEBlockDandelions.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.titanblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TitanBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.tritonblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TritonBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.unknowwater.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.vegabgrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vega B Surface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.vegabsubgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vega B Subsurface Block
fe.protection.interact.GalaxySpace.venusblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.VenusBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Accumulation Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Death Flower
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Decomposition Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT End Powder Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Goo
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Head
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Block
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cluster
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Extraction Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Persegrit
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sphalerite
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spooky Log
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stardust Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Transport Beacon
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Void Chest
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCable.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockCable.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockCrop.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockElectric.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockHarz.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockITNT.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockNuke.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockWall.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockWall.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.hive.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Apiary
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bluebells
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Cloud.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Thornvines
fe.protection.interact.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood
fe.protection.interact.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.maple.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.florasapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.heatsand.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Sand
fe.protection.interact.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.redwood.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Soil
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.tree.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.willow.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Willow
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT ?cAccess Point?7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Adapter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cable
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Disk Drive
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Geolyzer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Keyboard
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Microcontroller
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Motion Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Net Splitter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Power Converter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Power Distributor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.print.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Print
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Printer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rack
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Raid
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone I/O
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Robot.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Robot
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ?cSwitch?7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Waypoint
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.RIO.intelligentWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Intelligent Workbench
fe.protection.interact.RIO.skylight.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Skylight
fe.protection.interact.RIO.tile.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.RIO.tile.remote_interface.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Interface
fe.protection.interact.RIO.tile.remote_inventory.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Inventory
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Imbuing Station
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Notification Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Online Detector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Block
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Glass
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Lever
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.ic2PowerUnit.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT IC2 Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.naquadahBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.naquadahOre.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.ocInterface.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.rfPowerUnit.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT RF Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.stargateBase.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stargate Base
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.stargateController.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stargate Controller
fe.protection.interact.SGCraft.stargateRing.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.interact.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energistics Connector
fe.protection.interact.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT RF Node
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Module Toggler
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cart Assembler
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT External Distributor
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Junction Rail
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Gate
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Supplier
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign Updater
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Drawer Controller
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Controller Slave
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Framing Table
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Trim
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1A.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1B.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2A.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2B.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4A.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4B.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2A.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2B.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4A.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4B.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.trimA.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersForestry.trimB.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersNatura.trim.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersnatura.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Drying Rack
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Battlesign
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Station
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slab Furnace
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glue Block
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Frying Pan
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hambone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Landmine
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT SDX
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Ender
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alumite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Enderium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Invar
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lumium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shiny
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Signalum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Tin
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glue
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Slime
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bounce Pad
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Stick
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shadow Ore
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warped Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Gas  
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Old Urn
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Box
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mana Pod Stem
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bound Chest
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bound Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Everburn Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Brazier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Think Tank
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemite
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Seroconverter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bone
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Brain
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Deep Crystal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dust
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Eye Cluster
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inspiratron
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Node Monitor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Beacon
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sieve
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soulforge
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tooth
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Boundary
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metaphysicalBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalRose.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.metaphysicalRose.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicMachina.nodeTransmodifier.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Node Transmodifier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Interface
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Slab of Warding
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Earth
fe.protection.interact.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Polluted Soil
fe.protection.interact.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldPortalFrame.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Containment Frame
fe.protection.interact.ToxicEverglades.dimensionDarkWorld_portal.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ?kA Glimpse of the Future
fe.protection.interact.ToxicEverglades.fluidSludge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stagnant Waste Water
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Grid
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.translocator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.interact.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.WarpTheory.blockVanish.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rose Vines
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Void Walkway
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.interact.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.booster.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Booster
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampb.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampf.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampt.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ztone Tile
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.adventurebackpack.blockBackpack.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Adventure Backpacks
fe.protection.interact.adventurebackpack.blockCampFire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT CampFire
fe.protection.interact.adventurebackpack.blockSleepingBag.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Connector
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Neutronium Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Chest
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Chest
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BWExpReversePumpBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExpReversePump.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BWHeatedWaterPumpBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BWHeatedWaterPump.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BWRotorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BWRotorBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BW_FakeGlasBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BW_GlasBlocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BW_ItemBlocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT BW_ItemBlocks.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.BW_Machinery_Casings.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT BW_Machinery_Casings.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.GT_LESU_CASING.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT GT_LESU_CASING.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.bw.blockores.01.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT bw.blockores.01.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.bw.blockores.02.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT bw.blockores.02.name
fe.protection.interact.bartworks.coloredFluidBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BioFluidBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.battlegear2.flagpole.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.battlegear2:flagpole.name
fe.protection.interact.betterquesting.submit_station.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Object Submission Station (OSS)
fe.protection.interact.bq_rf.rf_station.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT RF Submission Station (RFSS)
fe.protection.interact.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Caged Ladder
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Catwalk
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.catwalks.support_column.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Support Column
fe.protection.interact.cb4bq.BlockDLB.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Default Load Block
fe.protection.interact.cb4bq.BlockHSB.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hardcore Switch Block
fe.protection.interact.cb4bq.BlockREB.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reset Quest Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.amber.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.copperblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Circuit
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold2.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron2.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leadblock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nation.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.present.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.rebel.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rebellious Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Road Lines
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.silverblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.steelblock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tallow.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tallow
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.thaumium.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tinblock.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.compactkineticgenerators.BlockCkg.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Low Kinetic Wind Generator
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Audio Cable
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Camera
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Detector - Digital
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Radar
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Speech Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tape Drive
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.BabyChest.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Baby Chest
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Ammonia.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ammonia
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Nitrogen Gas
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Oxygen Gas
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nitric Acid
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pollution
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sodium Potassium
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.gt.blockcasingsNH.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasingsNH.name
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.BlackPlutonium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Black Plutonium
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyIchorium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-Soaked Ichorium Block
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-Soaked Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-Soaked Void Block
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.CallistoColdIce.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Callisto Cold Ice Block
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.Charcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCharcoal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Compressed Coal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoalCoke.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedGraphite.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Graphite
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.DiamondFrameBox.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Double Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Double Compressed Coal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Double Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.Ledox.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Ledox
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.MysteriousCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mysterious Crystal Block
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.Mytryl.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Mytryl
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadah Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Neutronium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.PistonBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Piston Block
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quadruple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.Quantinum.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quantium
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quintuple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.SandClayMix.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Clay Mix
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Titanium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Triple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Triple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Triple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.dreamcraft.tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tungstensteel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.enhancedportals.dbs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.enhancedportals.dbs_empty.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer (Empty)
fe.protection.interact.enhancedportals.decor_dbs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Infused Metal
fe.protection.interact.enhancedportals.decor_frame.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bordered Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enhancedportals.frame.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.enhancedportals.portal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                     # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.extracells.certustank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.craftingstorage.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.craftingstorage.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.interact.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extracells.walrus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walrus
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Node in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Claw
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Jar
fe.protection.interact.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings6.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings8.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings8.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Berry Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Churn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Herb Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Goosberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barley Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Beet Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Celery Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ginger Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leek Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oats Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Okra Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Onion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peas Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Radish Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Scallion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soybean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Quern
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sink.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stalk Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Textile Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.bloodleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.fleshrootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh Root Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.glowFlower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Flower
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.glowflowerCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Flower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.ignisFruit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.marrowberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Marrow Berry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.netherBed.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Bed
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.netherGarden.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.netherLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Leaves
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.netherLog.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Log
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.netherPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Planks
fe.protection.interact.harvestthenether.netherSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ignis Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.irontank.copperTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontank.diamondTank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontank.goldTank.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontank.ironTank.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontank.obsidianTank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontank.silverTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_controlrod_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nuclear Reactor Control Rod
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_gdcceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT GDC Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberoff_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nuclear Reactor Chamber (OFF)
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberon_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nuclear Reactor Chamber (ON)
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_tfftcasingblock_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT T.F.F.T Casing
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_tfftmultihatch_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT T.F.F.T Multi-Fluid I/O Hatch
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock1_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier I)
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock2_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier II)
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock3_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier III)
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock4_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier IV)
fe.protection.interact.kekztech.kekztech_yszceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT YSZ Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block Mixer
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carriage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Green Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT White Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Door Factory
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jail Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Medieval Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mixed Block
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.null.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Player Sensor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Saloon Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Shoji Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Personal Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cable Diode
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cable Diode
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.FluidCryotheum.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.FluidEnder.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.FluidPyrotheum.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlackGate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Cage
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Abyssal Alloy
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockActinium.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Actinium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockAdvancedNitinol.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Advanced Nitinol
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockAmericium241.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Americium 241
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Ancient Granite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Arcanite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Arceus Alloy 2B
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockAstatine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Astatine
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Astral Titanium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBabbitAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Babbit Alloy
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBakelite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bakelite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBerkelium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Berkelium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBerylliumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Beryllium Fluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Black Metal
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Black Titanium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Blood Steel
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockCalifornium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Californium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Celestial Tungsten
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chromatic Glass
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cinobite A243
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockCurium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Curium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockDragonblood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Dragon Metal
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Dysprosium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Eglin Steel
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockEinsteinium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Einsteinium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Energy Crystal
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockFermium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Fermium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockFrancium.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Francium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Grisium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Hafnium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Hastelloy-C276
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Hastelloy-N
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Hastelloy-W
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Hastelloy-X
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Hypogen
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Incoloy-020
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Incoloy-DS
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Incoloy-MA956
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Inconel-625
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Inconel-690
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Inconel-792
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockIodine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iodine
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lafium Compound
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockLithium7.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lithium 7
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockLithiumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lithium Fluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Maraging Steel 250
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Maraging Steel 300
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Maraging Steel 350
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockNeptunium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Neptunium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Neptunium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Niobium Carbide
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nitinol 60
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockNylon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nylon
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Octiron
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Pikyonium 64B
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium238.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Plutonium 238
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium239.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Plutonium-239
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Polonium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium210.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Polonium 210
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPotin.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Potin
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockPromethium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Promethium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockProtactinium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Protactinium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quantum
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockRadium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Radium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Rhenium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Rhodium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockRhugnor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Rhugnor
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockRunite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Runite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Ruthenium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Selenium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Selenium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silicon Carbide
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Staballoy
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockStellite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Stellite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Strontium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium90.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Strontium 90
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Talonite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tantalloy-60
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tantalloy-61
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tantalum Carbide
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Technetium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Technetium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTeflon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Teflon
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tellurium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockThallium.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Thallium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockThorium232.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Thorium 232
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Thorium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Thorium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Titansteel
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Trinium Naquadah Alloy
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Trinium Titanium Alloy
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tumbaga
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tungsten Titanium Carbide
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockUranium232.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium 232
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockUranium233.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium 233
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Watertight Steel
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of White Metal
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Zeron-100
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Zirconium
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Zirconium Carbide
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Zirconium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockCircuitProgrammer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockCompressedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCompressedObsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockDecayablesChest.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDecayablesChest.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFirePit.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Pit
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFishTrap.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Catcher
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtArcanite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcanite Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arceus Alloy 2B Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtAstralTitanium.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Astral Titanium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtBlackMetal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Black Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtBloodSteel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Tungsten Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtChromaticGlass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chromatic Glass Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtCinobiteA243.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cinobite A243 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtDysprosium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dysprosium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtEglinSteel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eglin Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Crystal Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtGrisium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Grisium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtHafnium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hafnium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyC276.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hastelloy-C276 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyN.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hastelloy-N Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyW.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hastelloy-W Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyX.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hastelloy-X Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtHypogen.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hypogen Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloy020.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Incoloy-020 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyDS.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Incoloy-DS Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Incoloy-MA956 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel625.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Inconel-625 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel690.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Inconel-690 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel792.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Inconel-792 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtIodine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Iodine Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtLafiumCompound.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lafium Compound Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Maraging Steel 250 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Maraging Steel 300 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Maraging Steel 350 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Niobium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtNitinol60.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Nitinol 60 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtOctiron.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Octiron Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtPikyonium64B.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pikyonium 64B Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtPotin.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Potin Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtQuantum.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhenium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rhenium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhodium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rhodium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtRuthenium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ruthenium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtSelenium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Selenium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Silicon Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtStaballoy.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Staballoy Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtStellite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stellite Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtStrontium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Strontium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTalonite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Talonite Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy60.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tantalloy-60 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy61.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tantalloy-61 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tantalum Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTellurium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tellurium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtThallium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Thallium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTitansteel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Titansteel Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Trinium Titanium Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tumbaga Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtWatertightSteel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Watertight Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtWhiteMetal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtZeron100.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Zeron-100 Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Zirconium Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Zirconium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.detector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockGenericRedstone.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.test.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockGenericRedstone.test.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockHeliumGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Generator
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockHellFire.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hellish Fire
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockInfiniteFluidTank.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infinite Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockMFEffect.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Special
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockMiningExplosives.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Explosives
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockMiningHeadFake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Drill
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockMiningPipeFake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockMobSpawnerEx.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMobSpawnerEx.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockModularity.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Modularity Bench
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockNet.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Net
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockPestKiller.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPestKiller.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockPooCollector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Agricultural Sewer
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockProjectBench.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Project Table
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Leaves
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLog.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rainforest Oak
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockRainforestOakSapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rainforest Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockSuperJukebox.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSuperJukebox.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockTankXpConverter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Converter
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockTradeBench.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Trade Bench
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGT.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Workbench
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGTAdvanced.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Workbench
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.miscutils.blockcasings.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT miscutils.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.miscutils_fluidBlockSludge.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreAgarditeCd.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreAgarditeLa.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreAgarditeNd.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreAgarditeY.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreAlburnite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreAncientGranite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreBariteRd.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreCerite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cerite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreComancheite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreCrocoite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreCryolite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreDemicheleiteBr.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreFlorencite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Florencite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreFluorcaphite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreFluorite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreGadoliniteCe.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreGadoliniteY.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreGeikielite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreGreenockite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreHibonite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreHoneaite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreIrarsite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreKashinite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreKoboldite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreLafossaite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreLanthaniteCe.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreLanthaniteLa.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreLanthaniteNd.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreLautarite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreLepersonnite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreMiessiite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreNichromite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.orePerroudite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.orePolycrase.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Strange Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreRareEarthI.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreRareEarthII.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreRareEarthIII.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreRunite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Runite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreSamarskiteY.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreSamarskiteYb.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreTitanite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Titanite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreXenotime.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreYttriaite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreYttrialite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreYttrocerite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreZimbabweite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreZircon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Zircon Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreZirconolite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreZircophyllite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.oreZirkelite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.tile.playerDoorCactus.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Auto-Door
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.tile.playerDoorGlass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Auto-Door
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIce.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Auto-Door
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIron.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Auto-Door
fe.protection.interact.miscutils.tile.playerDoorWood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Auto-Door
fe.protection.interact.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.openprinter.filecabinet.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.openprinter.printer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Open Printer
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.openprinter.shredder.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Open Shredder
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.SecurityDoor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.SecurityDoorPrivate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.alarm.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Alarm
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.biometricScanner.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Biometric Reader
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.doorcontroller.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Door Controller
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.energyTurretBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Turret
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.entitydetector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Entity Detector
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.keypadLock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Keypad
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.magreader.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.opensecurity.BlockKVM.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT KVM Switch
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.opensecurity.DataBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Data Block
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.opensecurity.SwitchableHub.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Switchable Hub
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.rfidreader.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT RFID Reader
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.rfidwriter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Card Writer
fe.protection.interact.sleepingbag.sleepingBagBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sleepingBagBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.supersolarpanel.AdminSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light-Absorbing Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.supersolarpanel.PhotonicSolarPanel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Photonic Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.supersolarpanel.SingularSolarPanel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Singular Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.supersolarpanel.SpectralSolarPanel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.tectech.blockBlockGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Block of Germanium.name
fe.protection.interact.tectech.blockFrameGtGermanium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Germanium Frame Box.name
fe.protection.interact.tectech.gt.blockcasingsBA0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasingsBA0.name
fe.protection.interact.tectech.gt.blockcasingsTT.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasingsTT.name
fe.protection.interact.tectech.gt.blockhintTT.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockhintTT.name
fe.protection.interact.tectech.tile.quantumGlass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Glass
fe.protection.interact.tectech.tile.quantumStuff.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Stuff
fe.protection.interact.tectech.tile.reactorSim.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Simulator
fe.protection.interact.tectech.tile.turretBaseEM.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Elemental Turret Base
fe.protection.interact.tectech.tile.turretHeadEM.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Elemental Matter Turret
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Shroom
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aurelia
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier of Warding
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Briar
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mage's Campfire
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fluxium
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Node Linking Device
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Node Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Overchanting Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plax Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pyrofluid
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redlon Stem
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spike.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Thauminite Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Void metal Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Void Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Aeon Steel Block
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.Block_ArmorAnvil.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Anvil
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.Block_CrestMount.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crest Mount
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.Block_JewelersBench.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jeweler's Bench
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dogbearium Block
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Queen's Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.moltenDogbearium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Dogbearium
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.moltenQueensGold.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Queen's Gold
fe.protection.interact.tinkersdefense.moltenaeonsteel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aeon Steel
fe.protection.interact.utilityworlds.uw_portal_garden.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Portal
fe.protection.interact.utilityworlds.uw_portal_mining.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Portal
fe.protection.interact.utilityworlds.uw_portal_return.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Return Portal
fe.protection.interact.utilityworlds.uw_portal_void.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Void Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alluring Skull
fe.protection.interact.witchery.altar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.artichoke.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water Artichoke
fe.protection.interact.witchery.barrier.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.beartrap.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beartrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.belladonna.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Belladonna
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Crucible
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Poppy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bramble.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brazier.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brew.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewgas.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.witchery.candelabra.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.chalice.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chalice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Heart Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.clever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coffin
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Critter Snare
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crystalball.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Ball
fe.protection.interact.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Collector
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.interact.witchery.demonheart.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Heart
fe.protection.interact.witchery.disease.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Disease
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dream Weaver
fe.protection.interact.witchery.embermoss.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.force.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Solid
fe.protection.interact.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Garland
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glintweed.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glint Weed
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Globe
fe.protection.interact.witchery.grassper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grassper
fe.protection.interact.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoor.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Fence
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Gate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.iceslab.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestairs.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestockade.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Egg
fe.protection.interact.witchery.kettle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Kettle
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaping Lily
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leechchest.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Leech Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.light.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.lilypad.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mandrake.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mandrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mindrake.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Minedrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror Surface
fe.protection.interact.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.witchery.placeditem.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.plantmine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.interact.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.silvervat.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vat
fe.protection.interact.witchery.slurp.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowbell.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snowbell
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowslab.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stockade.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Stone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.trent.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trent Effigy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Void Bramble
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wallgen.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.web.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Web
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchlog.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Head
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wolfsbane
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wolftrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wormwood.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wormwood
fe.protection.place.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AFSU.AFSU.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE AFSU
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Altar of GregoriusT's Blood
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.place.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.place.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Architectural Block
fe.protection.place.Australia.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.name
fe.protection.place.Australia.blockAustralianSand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAustralianTopSoil.name
fe.protection.place.Australia.blockAustralianTopSoil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAustralianSand.name
fe.protection.place.Australia.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ?ktile.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eager Chest
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Signum Entia
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Locus
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Finical Maw
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Greedy Chest
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hourglass
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Maw
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inventarium Core
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Siren's Lure
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nethermind
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Phenomenon
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Remote Comparator
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Requisition Tome
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vis Reader
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Stone
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.block_burned_string.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Burned String
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_cake.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Cake
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Glowstone
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Iron Block
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Wooden Plank
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_wood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Wood
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Lamp
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_glass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Ice
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice_packed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_tnt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood TNT
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.blood_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Torch
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.compacted_mrs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compacted Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.compacter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Soul Compacter
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.life_infuser.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Life Infuser
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.lp_materializer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence Materializer
fe.protection.place.BloodArsenal.portable_altar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Portable Altar
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramic.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.flower.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.loam.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.plant.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.soil.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.stained.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tool Block
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Plasma Block
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pipe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Disenchanter
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Particle Generator
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Potentiometer
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sun Dial
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMTMachines.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.machine.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMTSolars.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMTSolars2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar2.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMTSolars3.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar3.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMTSolars4.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar4.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMTSolars5.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar5.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.EssentiaGenerators.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.essentia.name
fe.protection.place.EMT.PortableNode.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portable Node
fe.protection.place.EMT.ShieldBlock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Shield Block
fe.protection.place.EMT.electricCloud.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Electric Cloud
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.door.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.carbonFloodlight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Non-electric Floodlight
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.electricFloodlight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Electric Floodlight
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.growLight.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grow Light
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodlights:smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.tilePhantomLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodlights:tilePhantomLight.name
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.tileUVLight.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodlights:tileUVLight.name
fe.protection.place.FloodLights.uvFloodlight.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE UV Floodlight
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.place.Forestry.alveary.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.beehives.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.candle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.core.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.engine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logs.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mail.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.pods.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resources.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairs.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stump.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.acentauribbgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE ? Centauri Bb Surface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.acentauribbsubgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ? Centauri Bb Subsurface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.assemblymachine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Machine
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCcrystal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Crystal
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelion3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Dandelion 
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelions.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barnarda2Dandelions.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Dirt
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCgrass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Grass
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCleaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Leaves Log 
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaClog.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Log 
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCplanks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barnarda2Planks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCreed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barnarda2Reed.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaCsapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Log Barnarda C Sapling 
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaEgrunt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda E Surface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoregold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoreiron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaEsubgrunt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda E Subsurface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaFgrunt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda F Surface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.barnardaFsubgrunt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda F Subsurface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.biofuel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.NuclearFuel.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.callistoblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.CallistoBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ceresTChestT4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 4
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ceresblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CeresBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ceresglowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Glowstone
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ceresweb.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Web
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.convertersurface.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Converter Surface
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.deimosblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.DeimosBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.enceladusTChestT6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 6
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.enceladusblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnceladusBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.enceladuscrystal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unknow Crystal
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.enceladusglowstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Enceladus Glowstone
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.europageyser.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Europa Geyser
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.europagrunt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.EuropaBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.europaunderwatergeyser.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Underwater Europa Geyser
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.fuelgenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Generator
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.futureglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Future Glass
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.futureglasses.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.FutureGlasses.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ganymedeblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.GanymedeBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.geothermalgenerator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.haumeablocks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.HaumeaBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ioTChestT5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 5
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ioblocks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IOBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.iodualstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Io Dual Block Surface
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ioglowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Io Glowstone
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.ioweb.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Io Web
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.leadore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lead Ore
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.liquidmethane.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.machineframes.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineFrames.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.makemakegrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MakemakeBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.mercuryblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MercuryBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.metalsblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MetalsBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.mirandablocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MirandaBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.oberonblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.OberonBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.oxstoragemoduleT2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.OxygenStorageModuleT2.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.phobosblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.PhobosRock.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.plutoTChestT8.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 8
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.plutoblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.PlutoBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.plutoglowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Glowstone
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.proteusTChestT7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 7
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.proteusblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Proteus Surface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.proteusglowstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Proteus Glowstone
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.solarPanel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hybrid Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.solarwindpanel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Solar Wind Panel
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.storagemoduleT3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StorageModuleT3.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.tcetieblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TCetiEBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.tcetiedandelions.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TCetiEBlockDandelions.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.titanblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TitanBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.tritonblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TritonBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.unknowwater.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.vegabgrunt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vega B Surface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.vegabsubgrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vega B Subsurface Block
fe.protection.place.GalaxySpace.venusblocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.VenusBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.place.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.place.Genetics.machine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cinder
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Death Flower
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender Goo
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Head
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endium Block
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endium Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Experience Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Persegrit
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sphalerite
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Log
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCable.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockWall.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.place.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.Cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.place.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.place.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.place.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.maple.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.florasapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.heatsand.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.place.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.planks.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.redwood.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.tree.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.willow.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ?cAccess Point?7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.print.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ?cSwitch?7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.RIO.intelligentWorkbench.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Intelligent Workbench
fe.protection.place.RIO.skylight.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Skylight
fe.protection.place.RIO.tile.machine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.RIO.tile.remote_interface.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Remote Interface
fe.protection.place.RIO.tile.remote_inventory.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Remote Inventory
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.ic2PowerUnit.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE IC2 Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.naquadahBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.naquadahOre.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.ocInterface.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.rfPowerUnit.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE RF Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.stargateBase.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Base
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.stargateController.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Controller
fe.protection.place.SGCraft.stargateRing.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.place.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.place.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE RF Node
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1A.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1B.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2A.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2B.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4A.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4B.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2A.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2B.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4A.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4B.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.trimA.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersForestry.trimB.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersNatura.trim.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.trim.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Battlesign
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Box
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mana Pod Stem
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bound Chest
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.metaphysicalBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalRose.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.metaphysicalRose.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicMachina.nodeTransmodifier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Node Transmodifier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Warding
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.place.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Earth
fe.protection.place.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Polluted Soil
fe.protection.place.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldPortalFrame.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Containment Frame
fe.protection.place.ToxicEverglades.dimensionDarkWorld_portal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ?kA Glimpse of the Future
fe.protection.place.ToxicEverglades.fluidSludge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stagnant Waste Water
fe.protection.place.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.place.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.place.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.WarpTheory.blockVanish.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rose Vines
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Walkway
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.place.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora
fe.protection.place.Ztones.booster.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Booster
fe.protection.place.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampb.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampf.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampt.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.place.adventurebackpack.blockBackpack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Adventure Backpacks
fe.protection.place.adventurebackpack.blockCampFire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE CampFire
fe.protection.place.adventurebackpack.blockSleepingBag.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BWExpReversePumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExpReversePump.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BWHeatedWaterPumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BWHeatedWaterPump.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BWRotorBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BWRotorBlock.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BW_FakeGlasBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BW_GlasBlocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BW_ItemBlocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE BW_ItemBlocks.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.BW_Machinery_Casings.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE BW_Machinery_Casings.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.GT_LESU_CASING.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE GT_LESU_CASING.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.bw.blockores.01.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE bw.blockores.01.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.bw.blockores.02.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE bw.blockores.02.name
fe.protection.place.bartworks.coloredFluidBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BioFluidBlock.name
fe.protection.place.battlegear2.flagpole.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.battlegear2:flagpole.name
fe.protection.place.betterquesting.submit_station.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Object Submission Station (OSS)
fe.protection.place.bq_rf.rf_station.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE RF Submission Station (RFSS)
fe.protection.place.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.place.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.catwalks.support_column.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Support Column
fe.protection.place.cb4bq.BlockDLB.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Default Load Block
fe.protection.place.cb4bq.BlockHSB.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hardcore Switch Block
fe.protection.place.cb4bq.BlockREB.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reset Quest Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.amber.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.beacon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.copperblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold2.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron2.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leadblock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nation.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.present.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.rebel.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.silverblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.steelblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.tallow.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.thaumium.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tinblock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.compactkineticgenerators.BlockCkg.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Low Kinetic Wind Generator
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.BabyChest.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Baby Chest
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Ammonia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ammonia
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Nitrogen Gas
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Oxygen Gas
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nitric Acid
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pollution
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sodium Potassium
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.gt.blockcasingsNH.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasingsNH.name
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.BlackPlutonium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Black Plutonium
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyIchorium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood-Soaked Ichorium Block
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood-Soaked Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood-Soaked Void Block
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.CallistoColdIce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Callisto Cold Ice Block
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.Charcoal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCharcoal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Coal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoalCoke.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedGraphite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Graphite
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.DiamondFrameBox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Frame Box
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Double Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Double Compressed Coal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Double Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.Ledox.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ledox
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.MysteriousCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mysterious Crystal Block
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.Mytryl.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Mytryl
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.PistonBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Piston Block
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quadruple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.Quantinum.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quantium
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quintuple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.SandClayMix.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sand Clay Mix
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Steel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Triple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Triple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Triple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.dreamcraft.tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tungstensteel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.enhancedportals.dbs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.enhancedportals.dbs_empty.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer (Empty)
fe.protection.place.enhancedportals.decor_dbs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Infused Metal
fe.protection.place.enhancedportals.decor_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bordered Quartz
fe.protection.place.enhancedportals.frame.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.frame.name
fe.protection.place.enhancedportals.portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.craftingstorage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.craftingstorage.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.place.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.place.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Claw
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Jar
fe.protection.place.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings6.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings8.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings8.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.bloodleafCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.fleshrootCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flesh Root Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.glowFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glow Flower
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.glowflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glow Flower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.ignisFruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.marrowberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Marrow Berry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.netherBed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bed
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.netherGarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.netherLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Leaves
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.netherLog.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Log
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.netherPlanks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Planks
fe.protection.place.harvestthenether.netherSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.irontank.copperTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Copper Tank
fe.protection.place.irontank.diamondTank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Tank
fe.protection.place.irontank.goldTank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gold Tank
fe.protection.place.irontank.ironTank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank
fe.protection.place.irontank.obsidianTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.place.irontank.silverTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_controlrod_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Reactor Control Rod
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_gdcceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE GDC Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberoff_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Reactor Chamber (OFF)
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberon_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Reactor Chamber (ON)
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_tfftcasingblock_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Casing
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_tfftmultihatch_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Multi-Fluid I/O Hatch
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock1_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier I)
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock2_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier II)
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock3_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier III)
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock4_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier IV)
fe.protection.place.kekztech.kekztech_yszceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE YSZ Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Mixer
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Block
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.null.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Personal Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cable Diode
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cable Diode
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.FluidCryotheum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.miscutils.FluidEnder.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.miscutils.FluidPyrotheum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlackGate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wither Cage
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockAbyssalAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Abyssal Alloy
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockActinium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Actinium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockAdvancedNitinol.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Advanced Nitinol
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockAmericium241.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Americium 241
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ancient Granite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockArcanite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Arcanite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockArceusAlloy2B.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Arceus Alloy 2B
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockAstatine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Astatine
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockAstralTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Astral Titanium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBabbitAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Babbit Alloy
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBakelite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bakelite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBerkelium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Berkelium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBerylliumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Beryllium Fluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBlackMetal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Black Metal
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBlackTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Black Titanium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockBloodSteel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Blood Steel
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockCalifornium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Californium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Celestial Tungsten
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockChromaticGlass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chromatic Glass
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockCinobiteA243.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cinobite A243
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockCurium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Curium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockDragonblood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Dragon Metal
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockDysprosium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Dysprosium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Eglin Steel
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockEinsteinium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Einsteinium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockEnergyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Energy Crystal
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockFermium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Fermium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockFrancium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Francium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Grisium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockHafnium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hafnium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyC276.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-C276
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyN.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-N
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyW.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-W
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyX.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-X
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockHypogen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hypogen
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloy020.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Incoloy-020
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyDS.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Incoloy-DS
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyMA956.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Incoloy-MA956
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockInconel625.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Inconel-625
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockInconel690.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Inconel-690
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockInconel792.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Inconel-792
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockIodine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iodine
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockLafiumCompound.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lafium Compound
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockLithium7.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lithium 7
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockLithiumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lithium Fluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel250.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Maraging Steel 250
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel300.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Maraging Steel 300
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel350.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Maraging Steel 350
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockNeptunium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Neptunium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Neptunium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockNiobiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Niobium Carbide
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nitinol 60
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockNylon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nylon
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockOctiron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Octiron
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPikyonium64B.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Pikyonium 64B
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium238.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plutonium 238
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium239.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plutonium-239
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Polonium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium210.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Polonium 210
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPotin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Potin
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockPromethium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Promethium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockProtactinium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Protactinium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quantum
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockRadium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Radium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockRhenium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rhenium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockRhodium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rhodium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockRhugnor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rhugnor
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Runite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockRuthenium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ruthenium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockSelenium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Selenium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Selenium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockSiliconCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silicon Carbide
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockStaballoy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Staballoy
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockStellite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Stellite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Strontium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium90.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Strontium 90
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTalonite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Talonite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy60.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tantalloy-60
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy61.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tantalloy-61
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTantalumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tantalum Carbide
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Technetium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Technetium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTeflon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Teflon
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTellurium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tellurium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockThallium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thallium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockThorium232.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thorium 232
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thorium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thorium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTitansteel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Titansteel
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Trinium Naquadah Alloy
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Trinium Titanium Alloy
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTumbaga.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tumbaga
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tungsten Titanium Carbide
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockUranium232.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium 232
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockUranium233.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium 233
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Watertight Steel
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of White Metal
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockZeron100.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zeron-100
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockZirconium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zirconium
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zirconium Carbide
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zirconium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockCircuitProgrammer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockCompressedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCompressedObsidian.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockDecayablesChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDecayablesChest.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFirePit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fire Pit
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFishTrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fish Catcher
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcanite Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arceus Alloy 2B Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Astral Titanium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Tungsten Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chromatic Glass Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cinobite A243 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dysprosium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eglin Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Crystal Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grisium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hafnium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-C276 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-N Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-W Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-X Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hypogen Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Incoloy-020 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Incoloy-DS Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Incoloy-MA956 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inconel-625 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inconel-690 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inconel-792 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtIodine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iodine Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lafium Compound Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maraging Steel 250 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maraging Steel 300 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maraging Steel 350 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Niobium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nitinol 60 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Octiron Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pikyonium 64B Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potin Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rhenium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rhodium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ruthenium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Selenium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Staballoy Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtStellite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stellite Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Strontium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Talonite Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tantalloy-60 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tantalloy-61 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tantalum Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tellurium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtThallium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Thallium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Titansteel Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trinium Titanium Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tumbaga Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Watertight Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zeron-100 Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Zirconium Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Zirconium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.detector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockGenericRedstone.detector.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.test.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockGenericRedstone.test.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockHeliumGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Helium Generator
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockHellFire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hellish Fire
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockInfiniteFluidTank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Infinite Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockMFEffect.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Special
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockMiningExplosives.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mining Explosives
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockMiningHeadFake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Drill
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockMiningPipeFake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockMobSpawnerEx.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMobSpawnerEx.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockModularity.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Modularity Bench
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockNet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Net
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockPestKiller.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPestKiller.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockPooCollector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Agricultural Sewer
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockProjectBench.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Project Table
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Leaves
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rainforest Oak
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockRainforestOakSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Rainforest Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockSuperJukebox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSuperJukebox.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockTankXpConverter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Experience Converter
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockTradeBench.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trade Bench
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGT.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Workbench
fe.protection.place.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGTAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Workbench
fe.protection.place.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.miscutils.blockcasings.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE miscutils.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.place.miscutils.miscutils_fluidBlockSludge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreAgarditeCd.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreAgarditeLa.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreAgarditeNd.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreAgarditeY.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreAlburnite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreAncientGranite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreBariteRd.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreCerite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cerite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreComancheite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreCrocoite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreCryolite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreDemicheleiteBr.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreFlorencite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Florencite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreFluorcaphite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreFluorite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreGadoliniteCe.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreGadoliniteY.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreGeikielite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreGreenockite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreHibonite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreHoneaite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreIrarsite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreKashinite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreKoboldite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreLafossaite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreLanthaniteCe.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreLanthaniteLa.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreLanthaniteNd.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreLautarite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreLepersonnite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreMiessiite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreNichromite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.orePerroudite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.orePolycrase.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Strange Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreRareEarthI.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreRareEarthII.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreRareEarthIII.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreRunite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Runite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreSamarskiteY.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreSamarskiteYb.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreTitanite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Titanite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreXenotime.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreYttriaite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreYttrialite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreYttrocerite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreZimbabweite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreZircon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Zircon Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreZirconolite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreZircophyllite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.oreZirkelite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.place.miscutils.tile.playerDoorCactus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Auto-Door
fe.protection.place.miscutils.tile.playerDoorGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass Auto-Door
fe.protection.place.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice Auto-Door
fe.protection.place.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Auto-Door
fe.protection.place.miscutils.tile.playerDoorWood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Auto-Door
fe.protection.place.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.place.openprinter.openprinter.filecabinet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.place.openprinter.openprinter.printer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Open Printer
fe.protection.place.openprinter.openprinter.shredder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Open Shredder
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.SecurityDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.SecurityDoorPrivate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.alarm.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Alarm
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.biometricScanner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Biometric Reader
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.doorcontroller.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Door Controller
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.energyTurretBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Turret
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.entitydetector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Entity Detector
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.keypadLock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Keypad
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.magreader.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.opensecurity.BlockKVM.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE KVM Switch
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.opensecurity.DataBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Data Block
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.opensecurity.SwitchableHub.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Switchable Hub
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.rfidreader.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE RFID Reader
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.rfidwriter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Card Writer
fe.protection.place.sleepingbag.sleepingBagBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sleepingBagBlock.name
fe.protection.place.supersolarpanel.AdminSolarPanel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light-Absorbing Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.supersolarpanel.PhotonicSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Photonic Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.supersolarpanel.SingularSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Singular Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.supersolarpanel.SpectralSolarPanel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.tectech.blockBlockGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Block of Germanium.name
fe.protection.place.tectech.blockFrameGtGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Germanium Frame Box.name
fe.protection.place.tectech.gt.blockcasingsBA0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasingsBA0.name
fe.protection.place.tectech.gt.blockcasingsTT.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasingsTT.name
fe.protection.place.tectech.gt.blockhintTT.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockhintTT.name
fe.protection.place.tectech.tile.quantumGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Glass
fe.protection.place.tectech.tile.quantumStuff.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Stuff
fe.protection.place.tectech.tile.reactorSim.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Simulator
fe.protection.place.tectech.tile.turretBaseEM.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Turret Base
fe.protection.place.tectech.tile.turretHeadEM.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Matter Turret
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Primal Shroom
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brazier of Warding
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Briar
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mage's Campfire
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fluxium
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Node Linking Device
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Node Manipulator
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Overchanting Table
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plax Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pyrofluid
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redlon Stem
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.spike.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sweed Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Thauminite Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void metal Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Aeon Steel Block
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.Block_ArmorAnvil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Armor Anvil
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.Block_CrestMount.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crest Mount
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.Block_JewelersBench.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jeweler's Bench
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dogbearium Block
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Queen's Gold Block
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.moltenDogbearium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dogbearium
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.moltenQueensGold.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Queen's Gold
fe.protection.place.tinkersdefense.moltenaeonsteel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aeon Steel
fe.protection.place.utilityworlds.uw_portal_garden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Garden Portal
fe.protection.place.utilityworlds.uw_portal_mining.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mining Portal
fe.protection.place.utilityworlds.uw_portal_return.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Return Portal
fe.protection.place.utilityworlds.uw_portal_void.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Void Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.place.witchery.altar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.artichoke.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.place.witchery.barrier.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.witchery.beartrap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.belladonna.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.place.witchery.bramble.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brazier.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.place.witchery.brew.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewgas.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.cactus.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.witchery.candelabra.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.witchery.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.chalice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.place.witchery.circle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.clever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.place.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.place.witchery.crystalball.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.place.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.place.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.place.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.place.witchery.demonheart.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.place.witchery.disease.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.place.witchery.embermoss.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.force.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.place.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.place.witchery.glintweed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.place.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.place.witchery.grassper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.place.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoor.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.place.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.iceslab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestairs.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestockade.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.place.witchery.kettle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.place.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.place.witchery.leechchest.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.light.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.lilypad.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.mandrake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mindrake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.place.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.witchery.placeditem.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.plantmine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.place.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.silvervat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.place.witchery.slurp.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowbell.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowslab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.place.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.place.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.place.witchery.stockade.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.place.witchery.trent.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.place.witchery.vine.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.place.witchery.wallgen.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.web.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.place.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchlog.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.wormwood.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                           # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.AFSU.AFSU.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE AFSU
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Altar of GregoriusT's Blood
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.trample.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ArchitectureCraft.sawbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Architect's Sawbench
fe.protection.trample.ArchitectureCraft.shape.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Architectural Block
fe.protection.trample.Australia.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAustraliaPortalFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.Australia.blockAustralianSand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAustralianTopSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.Australia.blockAustralianTopSoil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAustralianSand.name
fe.protection.trample.Australia.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ?ktile.dimensionAustraliaPortalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eager Chest
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Signum Entia
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Locus
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Finical Maw
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Greedy Chest
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hourglass
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Maw
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inventarium Core
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Siren's Lure
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nethermind
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Phenomenon
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Remote Comparator
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Requisition Tome
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Reader
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Stone
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.trample.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.trample.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.block_burned_string.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Burned String
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_cake.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Cake
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Wooden Plank
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_wood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infused Wood
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Lamp
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_glass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Ice
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_stained_ice_packed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_tnt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood TNT
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.blood_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Torch
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.compacted_mrs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Compacted Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.compacter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Soul Compacter
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.life_infuser.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Life Infuser
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.lp_materializer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence Materializer
fe.protection.trample.BloodArsenal.portable_altar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Portable Altar
fe.protection.trample.Botany.ceramic.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.flower.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.loam.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.plant.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.stained.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tool Block
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Plasma Block
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pipe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Disenchanter
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Particle Generator
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Potentiometer
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sun Dial
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMTMachines.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMTSolars.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMTSolars2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar2.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMTSolars3.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar3.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMTSolars4.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar4.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMTSolars5.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.solar5.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE EMT_GTBLOCK_CASEING.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.EssentiaGenerators.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.EMT.essentia.name
fe.protection.trample.EMT.PortableNode.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Portable Node
fe.protection.trample.EMT.ShieldBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.EMT.electricCloud.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Electric Cloud
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.door.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.carbonFloodlight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Non-electric Floodlight
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.electricFloodlight.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electric Floodlight
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.growLight.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grow Light
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodlights:smallElectricFloodlightMetaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.tilePhantomLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodlights:tilePhantomLight.name
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.tileUVLight.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodlights:tileUVLight.name
fe.protection.trample.FloodLights.uvFloodlight.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE UV Floodlight
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.alveary.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.beehives.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.core.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.engine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fences.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logs.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mail.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.pods.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resources.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stump.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.acentauribbgrunt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE ? Centauri Bb Surface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.acentauribbsubgrunt.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE ? Centauri Bb Subsurface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.assemblymachine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Machine
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Crystal
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelion3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Dandelion 
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdandelions.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barnarda2Dandelions.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCdirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Dirt
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCgrass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Grass
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCleaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Leaves Log 
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaClog.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda C Log 
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCplanks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barnarda2Planks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCreed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barnarda2Reed.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaCsapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Log Barnarda C Sapling 
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaEgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda E Surface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoregold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaEoreiron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaEsubgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda E Subsurface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaFgrunt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda F Surface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.barnardaFsubgrunt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Barnarda F Subsurface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.biofuel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.NuclearFuel.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.callistoblocks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.CallistoBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ceresTChestT4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 4
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ceresblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CeresBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ceresglowstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ceresweb.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Web
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.convertersurface.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Converter Surface
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.deimosblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.DeimosBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.enceladusTChestT6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 6
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.enceladusblocks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnceladusBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.enceladuscrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unknow Crystal
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.enceladusglowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Enceladus Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.europageyser.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Europa Geyser
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.europagrunt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.EuropaBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.europaunderwatergeyser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Underwater Europa Geyser
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.fuelgenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Generator
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.futureglass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Future Glass
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.futureglasses.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FutureGlasses.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ganymedeblocks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.GanymedeBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.geothermalgenerator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.haumeablocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.HaumeaBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ioTChestT5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 5
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ioblocks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IOBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.iodualstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Io Dual Block Surface
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ioglowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Io Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.ioweb.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Io Web
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.leadore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lead Ore
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.liquidmethane.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.machineframes.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineFrames.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.makemakegrunt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MakemakeBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.mercuryblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MercuryBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.metalsblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MetalsBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.mirandablocks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MirandaBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.oberonblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.OberonBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.oxstoragemoduleT2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.OxygenStorageModuleT2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.phobosblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.PhobosRock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.plutoTChestT8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 8
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.plutoblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.PlutoBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.plutoglowstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.proteusTChestT7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest Tier 7
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.proteusblocks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Proteus Surface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.proteusglowstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Proteus Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.solarPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hybrid Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.solarwindpanel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Solar Wind Panel
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.storagemoduleT3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StorageModuleT3.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.tcetieblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TCetiEBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.tcetiedandelions.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TCetiEBlockDandelions.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.titanblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TitanBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.tritonblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TritonBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.unknowwater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.vegabgrunt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vega B Surface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.vegabsubgrunt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vega B Subsurface Block
fe.protection.trample.GalaxySpace.venusblocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.VenusBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.Genetics.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinder
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Death Flower
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender Goo
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Head
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Endium Block
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endium Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Experience Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Persegrit
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sphalerite
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Log
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockCable.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockWall.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.trample.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.JABBA.barrel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.trample.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.trample.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.trample.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.florasapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.heatsand.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.trample.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.redwood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.tree.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.willow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE ?cAccess Point?7
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.print.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE ?cSwitch?7
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqcondredmetal.*            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Redmetal
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Compatibility.projectred.compatibility.liqredstone.*                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Redstone
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.RIO.intelligentWorkbench.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Intelligent Workbench
fe.protection.trample.RIO.skylight.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Skylight
fe.protection.trample.RIO.tile.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.RIO.tile.remote_interface.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Remote Interface
fe.protection.trample.RIO.tile.remote_inventory.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Remote Inventory
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.cube.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.detector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.frame.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.ore.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.signal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.slab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.stair.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.ic2PowerUnit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE IC2 Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.naquadahBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.naquadahOre.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.ocInterface.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.rfPowerUnit.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE RF Stargate Power Unit
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.stargateBase.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Base
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.stargateController.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Controller
fe.protection.trample.SGCraft.stargateRing.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.trample.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.trample.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE RF Node
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1A.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers1B.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2A.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers2B.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4A.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.fullDrawers4B.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2A.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers2B.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4A.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.halfDrawers4B.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.trimA.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersForestry.trimB.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersforestry.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersNatura.fullDrawers4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersNatura.halfDrawers4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawersNatura.trim.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersnatura.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Battlesign
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magic Box
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mana Pod Stem
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bound Chest
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.metaphysicalBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicMachina.metaphysicalRose.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.metaphysicalRose.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicMachina.nodeTransmodifier.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Node Transmodifier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Warding
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.trample.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Earth
fe.protection.trample.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldGround2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Polluted Soil
fe.protection.trample.ToxicEverglades.blockDarkWorldPortalFrame.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Containment Frame
fe.protection.trample.ToxicEverglades.dimensionDarkWorld_portal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ?kA Glimpse of the Future
fe.protection.trample.ToxicEverglades.fluidSludge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stagnant Waste Water
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.trample.TravellersGear.armorstand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.WarpTheory.blockVanish.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_CustomAir.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer of Light
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_MetalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_MetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_RoseVine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rose Vines
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_StoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_StoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_VoidWalkway.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Void Walkway
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_WallMirror.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mirror on the Wall
fe.protection.trample.WitchingGadgets.WG_WoodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.WG_WoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.booster.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Booster
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampb.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampf.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.adventurebackpack.blockBackpack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Adventure Backpacks
fe.protection.trample.adventurebackpack.blockCampFire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE CampFire
fe.protection.trample.adventurebackpack.blockSleepingBag.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.trample.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dire Autocrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BWExpReversePumpBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExpReversePump.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BWHeatedWaterPumpBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BWHeatedWaterPump.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BWRotorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BWRotorBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BW_FakeGlasBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BW_GlasBlocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE BW_GlasBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BW_ItemBlocks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE BW_ItemBlocks.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.BW_Machinery_Casings.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE BW_Machinery_Casings.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.GT_LESU_CASING.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE GT_LESU_CASING.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.bw.blockores.01.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE bw.blockores.01.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.bw.blockores.02.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE bw.blockores.02.name
fe.protection.trample.bartworks.coloredFluidBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BioFluidBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.battlegear2.flagpole.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.battlegear2:flagpole.name
fe.protection.trample.betterquesting.submit_station.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Object Submission Station (OSS)
fe.protection.trample.bq_rf.rf_station.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE RF Submission Station (RFSS)
fe.protection.trample.catwalkmod.cagedLadder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalkmod.scaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_east_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_north_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_nobottom_tape.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_lit_tape.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_south_unlit_tape.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_nobottom_tape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_lit_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.cagedLadder_west_unlit_tape.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caged Ladder
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_lit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_lit_nobottom_tape.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_lit_tape.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_unlit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_nobottom_tape.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.catwalk_unlit_tape.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Catwalk
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.scaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.sturdy_rail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Rail
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.sturdy_rail_activator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.sturdy_rail_detector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.sturdy_rail_powered.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sturdy Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.catwalks.support_column.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Support Column
fe.protection.trample.cb4bq.BlockDLB.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Default Load Block
fe.protection.trample.cb4bq.BlockHSB.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hardcore Switch Block
fe.protection.trample.cb4bq.BlockREB.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reset Quest Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.amber.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.beacon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.copperblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.grimstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.holystone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leadblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nation.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.present.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.rebel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.road_line.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.silverblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.steelblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tallow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.thaumium.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tinblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch1.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch10.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch3.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch4.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch5.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch6.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch7.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch8.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch9.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.warningSign.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.trample.compactkineticgenerators.BlockCkg.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Low Kinetic Wind Generator
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.BabyChest.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Baby Chest
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Ammonia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ammonia
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Nitrogen Gas
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Oxygen Gas
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nitric Acid
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pollution
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sodium Potassium
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.gt.blockcasingsNH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasingsNH.name
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.BlackPlutonium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Black Plutonium
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyIchorium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood-Soaked Ichorium Block
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood-Soaked Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.BloodyVoid.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood-Soaked Void Block
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.CallistoColdIce.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Callisto Cold Ice Block
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.Charcoal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCharcoal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Coal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedCoalCoke.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.CompressedGraphite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Graphite
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.DiamondFrameBox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Double Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Double Compressed Coal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Double Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.Ledox.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ledox
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.MysteriousCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mysterious Crystal Block
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.Mytryl.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Mytryl
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.PistonBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Piston Block
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quadruple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quadruple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.Quantinum.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quantium
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quintuple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quintuple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.SandClayMix.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sand Clay Mix
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Steel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Triple Compressed Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Triple Compressed Coal
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Triple Compressed Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.dreamcraft.tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tungstensteel Plated Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.enhancedportals.dbs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.enhancedportals.dbs_empty.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Bridge Stabilizer (Empty)
fe.protection.trample.enhancedportals.decor_dbs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Infused Metal
fe.protection.trample.enhancedportals.decor_frame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bordered Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enhancedportals.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.enhancedportals.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.craftingstorage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.craftingstorage.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.trample.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.trample.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockAdditionalEldritchPortal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockArcaneDropper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Dropper
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockAuraPylon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockAuraPylon.name
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockEssentiaCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Condenser
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockExtendedNodeJar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockInfusionClaw.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Claw
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockKnowledgeBook.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Book of Knowledge
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockNodeManipulator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockNodeManipulator.name
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockRemoteJar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mirrored Jar
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockStickyJar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Jar
fe.protection.trample.gadomancy.BlockStoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BlockStoneMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings6.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings8.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.bloodleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.fleshrootCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Flesh Root Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.glowFlower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glow Flower
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.glowflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glow Flower Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.ignisFruit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.marrowberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Marrow Berry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.netherBed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bed
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.netherGarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.netherLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Leaves
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.netherLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Log
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.netherPlanks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Planks
fe.protection.trample.harvestthenether.netherSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.irontank.copperTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Copper Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontank.diamondTank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontank.goldTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontank.ironTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontank.obsidianTank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontank.silverTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_controlrod_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Reactor Control Rod
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_gdcceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE GDC Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberoff_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Reactor Chamber (OFF)
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_reactorchamberon_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Reactor Chamber (ON)
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_tfftcasingblock_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Casing
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_tfftmultihatch_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Multi-Fluid I/O Hatch
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock1_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier I)
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock2_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier II)
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock3_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier III)
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_tfftstoragefieldblock4_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE T.F.F.T Storage Field Block (Tier IV)
fe.protection.trample.kekztech.kekztech_yszceramicelectrolyteunit_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE YSZ Ceramic Electrolyte Unit
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.acaciaFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.birchFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Mixer
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.camoFenceGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.darkOakFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.jungleFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Block
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.null.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.spruceFenceGate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Personal Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cable Diode
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cable Diode
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.FluidCryotheum.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.FluidEnder.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.FluidPyrotheum.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlackGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wither Cage
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Abyssal Alloy
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockActinium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Actinium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Advanced Nitinol
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Americium 241
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ancient Granite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Arcanite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Arceus Alloy 2B
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Astatine
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Astral Titanium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Babbit Alloy
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBakelite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bakelite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Berkelium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBerylliumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Beryllium Fluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Black Metal
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBlackTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Black Titanium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Blood Steel
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Californium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Celestial Tungsten
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chromatic Glass
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cinobite A243
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockCurium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Curium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockDragonblood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Dragon Metal
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Dysprosium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Eglin Steel
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Einsteinium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Energy Crystal
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockFermium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Fermium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Francium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Grisium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hafnium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-C276
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-N
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-W
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hastelloy-X
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Hypogen
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Incoloy-020
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Incoloy-DS
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Incoloy-MA956
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Inconel-625
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Inconel-690
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Inconel-792
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockIodine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iodine
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lafium Compound
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockLithium7.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lithium 7
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockLithiumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lithium Fluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Maraging Steel 250
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Maraging Steel 300
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Maraging Steel 350
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Neptunium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Neptunium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Niobium Carbide
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nitinol 60
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockNylon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nylon
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Octiron
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Pikyonium 64B
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plutonium 238
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plutonium-239
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Polonium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Polonium 210
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Potin
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockPromethium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Promethium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Protactinium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quantum
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockRadium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Radium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rhenium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rhodium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rhugnor
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockRunite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Runite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ruthenium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Selenium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Selenium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silicon Carbide
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Staballoy
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockStellite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Stellite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Strontium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Strontium 90
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Talonite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tantalloy-60
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tantalloy-61
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tantalum Carbide
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Technetium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Technetium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTeflon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Teflon
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tellurium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockThallium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thallium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thorium 232
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thorium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thorium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Titansteel
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Trinium Naquadah Alloy
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Trinium Titanium Alloy
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tumbaga
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tungsten Titanium Carbide
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockUranium232.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium 232
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockUranium233.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium 233
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium Hexafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Watertight Steel
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of White Metal
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zeron-100
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zirconium
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zirconium Carbide
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockBlockZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Zirconium Tetrafluoride
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockCircuitProgrammer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockCompressedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCompressedObsidian.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockDecayablesChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDecayablesChest.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFirePit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fire Pit
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFishTrap.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fish Catcher
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtArcanite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcanite Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arceus Alloy 2B Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtAstralTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Astral Titanium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtBlackMetal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtBloodSteel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Tungsten Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtChromaticGlass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chromatic Glass Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtCinobiteA243.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cinobite A243 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtDysprosium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dysprosium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtEglinSteel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eglin Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Crystal Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtGrisium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grisium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtHafnium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hafnium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyC276.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-C276 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyN.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-N Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyW.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-W Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtHastelloyX.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hastelloy-X Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtHypogen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hypogen Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloy020.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Incoloy-020 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyDS.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Incoloy-DS Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Incoloy-MA956 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel625.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Inconel-625 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel690.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Inconel-690 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtInconel792.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Inconel-792 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtIodine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iodine Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtLafiumCompound.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lafium Compound Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maraging Steel 250 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maraging Steel 300 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maraging Steel 350 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Niobium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtNitinol60.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nitinol 60 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtOctiron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Octiron Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtPikyonium64B.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pikyonium 64B Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtPotin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Potin Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtQuantum.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhenium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rhenium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtRhodium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rhodium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtRuthenium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ruthenium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtSelenium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Selenium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtStaballoy.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Staballoy Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtStellite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stellite Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtStrontium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Strontium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTalonite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Talonite Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy60.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tantalloy-60 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalloy61.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tantalloy-61 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tantalum Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTellurium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tellurium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtThallium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Thallium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTitansteel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Titansteel Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Trinium Titanium Alloy Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTumbaga.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tumbaga Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtWatertightSteel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Watertight Steel Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtWhiteMetal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE White Metal Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtZeron100.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zeron-100 Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Zirconium Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zirconium Carbide Frame Box
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.detector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockGenericRedstone.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockGenericRedstone.test.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockGenericRedstone.test.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockHeliumGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Helium Generator
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockHellFire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hellish Fire
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockInfiniteFluidTank.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infinite Fluid Tank
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockMFEffect.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Special
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockMiningExplosives.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mining Explosives
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockMiningHeadFake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Drill
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockMiningPipeFake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockMobSpawnerEx.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMobSpawnerEx.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockModularity.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modularity Bench
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockNet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Net
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockPestKiller.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPestKiller.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockPooCollector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Agricultural Sewer
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockProjectBench.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Project Table
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Leaves
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockRainforestOakLog.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rainforest Oak
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockRainforestOakSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rainforest Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockSuperJukebox.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSuperJukebox.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockTankXpConverter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Experience Converter
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockTradeBench.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trade Bench
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGT.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Workbench
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.blockWorkbenchGTAdvanced.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Workbench
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE gtplusplus.blockcasings.2.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE gtplusplus.blockcasings.3.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE gtplusplus.blockcasings.4.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.miscutils.blockcasings.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE miscutils.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.miscutils_fluidBlockSludge.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreAgarditeCd.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreAgarditeLa.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreAgarditeNd.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreAgarditeY.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreAlburnite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreAncientGranite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreBariteRd.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreCerite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cerite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreComancheite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreCrocoite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreCryolite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreDemicheleiteBr.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreFlorencite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Florencite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreFluorcaphite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreFluorite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreGadoliniteCe.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreGadoliniteY.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreGeikielite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreGreenockite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreHibonite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreHoneaite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreIrarsite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreKashinite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreKoboldite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreLafossaite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreLanthaniteCe.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreLanthaniteLa.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreLanthaniteNd.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreLautarite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreLepersonnite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreMiessiite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreNichromite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.orePerroudite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.orePolycrase.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Strange Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreRareEarthI.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreRareEarthII.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreRareEarthIII.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreRunite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Runite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreSamarskiteY.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreSamarskiteYb.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreTitanite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Titanite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreXenotime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreYttriaite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreYttrialite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreYttrocerite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreZimbabweite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreZircon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zircon Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreZirconolite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreZircophyllite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.oreZirkelite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.tile.playerDoorCactus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Auto-Door
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.tile.playerDoorGlass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass Auto-Door
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice Auto-Door
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.tile.playerDoorIron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Auto-Door
fe.protection.trample.miscutils.tile.playerDoorWood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Auto-Door
fe.protection.trample.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.openprinter.filecabinet.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.openprinter.printer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Open Printer
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.openprinter.shredder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Open Shredder
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.SecurityDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.SecurityDoorPrivate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.securityDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.alarm.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Alarm
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.biometricScanner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Biometric Reader
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.doorcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Door Controller
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.energyTurretBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Turret
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.entitydetector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Entity Detector
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.keypadLock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Keypad
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.magreader.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.opensecurity.BlockKVM.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE KVM Switch
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.opensecurity.DataBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Data Block
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.opensecurity.SwitchableHub.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Switchable Hub
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.rfidreader.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE RFID Reader
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.rfidwriter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Card Writer
fe.protection.trample.sleepingbag.sleepingBagBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sleepingBagBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.supersolarpanel.AdminSolarPanel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light-Absorbing Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.supersolarpanel.PhotonicSolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Photonic Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.supersolarpanel.SingularSolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Singular Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.supersolarpanel.SpectralSolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.tectech.blockBlockGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Block of Germanium.name
fe.protection.trample.tectech.blockFrameGtGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Germanium Frame Box.name
fe.protection.trample.tectech.gt.blockcasingsBA0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasingsBA0.name
fe.protection.trample.tectech.gt.blockcasingsTT.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasingsTT.name
fe.protection.trample.tectech.gt.blockhintTT.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockhintTT.name
fe.protection.trample.tectech.tile.quantumGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Glass
fe.protection.trample.tectech.tile.quantumStuff.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Stuff
fe.protection.trample.tectech.tile.reactorSim.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Simulator
fe.protection.trample.tectech.tile.turretBaseEM.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Turret Base
fe.protection.trample.tectech.tile.turretHeadEM.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Matter Turret
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Primal Shroom
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brazier of Warding
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Briar
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mage's Campfire
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluxium
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Node Linking Device
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Node Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Overchanting Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plax Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pyrofluid
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redlon Stem
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.spike.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Thauminite Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void metal Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Aeon Steel Block
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.Block_ArmorAnvil.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Armor Anvil
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.Block_CrestMount.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crest Mount
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.Block_JewelersBench.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jeweler's Bench
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dogbearium Block
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Queen's Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.moltenDogbearium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dogbearium
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.moltenQueensGold.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Queen's Gold
fe.protection.trample.tinkersdefense.moltenaeonsteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aeon Steel
fe.protection.trample.utilityworlds.uw_portal_garden.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Garden Portal
fe.protection.trample.utilityworlds.uw_portal_mining.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mining Portal
fe.protection.trample.utilityworlds.uw_portal_return.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Return Portal
fe.protection.trample.utilityworlds.uw_portal_void.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.trample.witchery.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.artichoke.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.trample.witchery.barrier.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.belladonna.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bramble.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brazier.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brew.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewgas.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.witchery.candelabra.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.chalice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.clever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crystalball.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.trample.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.trample.witchery.demonheart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.trample.witchery.disease.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.trample.witchery.embermoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.force.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.trample.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glintweed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.trample.witchery.grassper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.trample.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.iceslab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestockade.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.trample.witchery.kettle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leechchest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.light.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mandrake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mindrake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.trample.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.witchery.placeditem.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.plantmine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.trample.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.silvervat.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.trample.witchery.slurp.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowbell.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowslab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stockade.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.trample.witchery.trent.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.trample.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wallgen.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.web.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchlog.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wormwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
