#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 12.12 20:52 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 42782 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.AFSU.ALC.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT AFB
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aether
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Flask
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aquasalus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Offensa
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Ash
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Axe
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Shovel
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Life
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orb of Testing
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crepitous
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crystallos
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Divination Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaSecondTier.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Bazooka II
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaThirdTier.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Bazooka III
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Blaster
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterSecondTier.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Blaster II
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterThirdTier.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Blaster III
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Blade
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Imbued Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Incendium
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Router
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Key of Binding
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magicales
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sanctus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tenebrae
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Terrae
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sunnarium
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ArchitectureCraft.chisel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Architect's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.ArchitectureCraft.cladding.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cladding
fe.protection.craft.ArchitectureCraft.hammer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Architect's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ArchitectureCraft.largePulley.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Large Pulley
fe.protection.craft.ArchitectureCraft.sawblade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Circular Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.Australia.australia.trigger.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ?6Alkalus ROM [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thinking Cap
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oculo Anima
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.edible.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.glyph.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Conflux Disc
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ember Heart
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sliver of Air
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Akashic_Record.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Akashic Records
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Endest Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Pants
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT World Breaker
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Boots
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Planet Eater
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cluster
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Orb_Armok.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Orb of Armok
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Singularity
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.big_pearl.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Extremely Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Backpack.backpack.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Backpack.boundLeather.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Leather
fe.protection.craft.Backpack.tannedLeather.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tanned Leather
fe.protection.craft.Backpack.workbenchbackpack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Workbench Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Ring
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack1.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack2.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack3.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack4.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack5.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.containerBucket.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Missed Fluid
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.containerCan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Missed Fluid
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.containerCapsule.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Missed Fluid
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.containerCylinder.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Missed Fluid
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.containerGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Missed Fluid
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.containerRefractory.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Missed Fluid
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.fieldKit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Field Kit
fe.protection.craft.BinnieCore.genesis.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Genesis
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Staff
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Axe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Essence
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Radar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Boots
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dart
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dart Blower
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enderporter
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flippers
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Berry
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Jar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Jar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Brick
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Ball
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Sword
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wading Boots
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.amorphic_catalyst.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Amorphic Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_burned_string.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Burned String
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_cookie.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Cookie
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Diamond
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Diamond Axe [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_iron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_wood.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_active.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Diamond (Active)
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_bound.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Diamond
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_unactive.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Diamond (Unactive)
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone_dust.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_iron.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_wood.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_diamond.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_iron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_wood.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_stick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Stick
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Diamond Sword [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_iron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_wood.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_money.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Money x1
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.blood_orange.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Orange
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.bound_bow.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Bow
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.bound_diamond_shard.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Diamond Shard
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.bound_igniter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Igniter
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.bound_shears.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Shears
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.bound_sickle.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Sickle
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.empowered_sacrifice_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empowered Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.empowered_self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empowered Self Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Boots
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_sacrificial_dagger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.glass_shard.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Shard
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.heart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heart
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.item_blood_cake.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Cake
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.juice_and_cookies.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Juice and Cookies
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_boots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Life Imbued Boots
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Life Imbued Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Life Imbued Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Life Imbued Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.orange_juice.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Juice
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.sacrifice_amulet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amulet of Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Amulet of Self Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_augmented_holding.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Augmented Holding
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_divinity.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Divinity
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_ender.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Sigil
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_lightning.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lightning Sigil
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_swimming.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Swimming
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.soul_booster.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Booster
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.soul_fragment.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Fragment
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.soul_nullifier.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Nullifier
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.transparent_orb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Transparent Orb
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.vampire_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Boots
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.vampire_cape.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Cape
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.vampire_greaves.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Greaves
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.vampire_ring.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Ring
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.wand_caps.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Iron Cap
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.wand_cores.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Infused Wooden Rod
fe.protection.craft.BloodArsenal.wolf_hide.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wolf Hide
fe.protection.craft.Botany.clay.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.Botany.database.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Botanist Database
fe.protection.craft.Botany.insulatedTube.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooper Insulated Tube
fe.protection.craft.Botany.itemFlower.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Botany.misc.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Powder
fe.protection.craft.Botany.pigment.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pigment
fe.protection.craft.Botany.pollen.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Botany.seed.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Botany.soilMeter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Soil Meter
fe.protection.craft.Botany.trowelDiamond.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.craft.Botany.trowelGold.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Trowel
fe.protection.craft.Botany.trowelIron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Trowel
fe.protection.craft.Botany.trowelStone.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Trowel
fe.protection.craft.Botany.trowelWood.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Template
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT List
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Map Location
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Board
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Robot
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Docking Station
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Package
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gate Copier
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Gate
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lens (Black)
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Plug
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Power Adapter
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn 
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Shard
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chaotic Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Comet
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Axe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Boots
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Bow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Helm
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Sword
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Heart
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Arrow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Key
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Item Dislocator
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Soul
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Focus
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT TCLogo
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Binder
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.EMT.BaseBaubles.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?2The One Ring
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ChainsawStream.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chainsaw of the Stream
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ChargingFocus.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Charging
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ChristmasFocus.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Kris-tmas
fe.protection.craft.EMT.DiamondChainsaw.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.EMT.Diamond_Omnitool.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Omnitool
fe.protection.craft.EMT.DrillRockbreaker.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Drill of the Rockbreaker
fe.protection.craft.EMT.EMTBaubles.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT ?2Armor Charging Ring
fe.protection.craft.EMT.EMTItems.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Native Cluster.name
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ElectricBootsTraveller.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ElectricGogglesRevealing.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ElectricHoeGrowth.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ElectricScribingTools.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.EMT.EnergyBallFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Ball Focus
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ExplosionFocus.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Explosion
fe.protection.craft.EMT.FeatherWing.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Duct-Taped Wings
fe.protection.craft.EMT.Mjolnir.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mjolnir
fe.protection.craft.EMT.NanoBootsTraveller.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nanosuit Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.craft.EMT.NanosuitGogglesRevealing.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nanosuit Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.EMT.NanosuitWing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nanosuit Wings
fe.protection.craft.EMT.Omnitool.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Omnitool
fe.protection.craft.EMT.QuantumBootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.craft.EMT.QuantumGogglesRevealing.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.EMT.QuantumWing.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Wings
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ShieldFocus.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shield
fe.protection.craft.EMT.SolarHelmetRevealing.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.EMT.SuperchargedMjolnir.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Supercharged Mjolnir
fe.protection.craft.EMT.TaintedMjolnir.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Relic of Mjolnir
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ThaumiumChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ThaumiumDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Drill
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ThaumiumOmnitool.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Omnitool
fe.protection.craft.EMT.ThaumiumWing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Reinforced Wings
fe.protection.craft.EMT.WandChargingFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Wand Charging
fe.protection.craft.EMT.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Quantum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Axe
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Boots
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Plate
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Helm
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Leggings
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Pick
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Shears
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT The Ender
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Spawner
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Facade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Probe
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT "Enderios"
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enderface
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ME Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Chassis
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electromagnet
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Powder
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Vial
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Rod
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.craft.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.EnderZoo.confusingDust.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Confusing Powder
fe.protection.craft.EnderZoo.enderFragment.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Fragment
fe.protection.craft.EnderZoo.enderZooIcon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.enderZooIcon.name
fe.protection.craft.EnderZoo.guardiansBow.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Guardians Bow
fe.protection.craft.EnderZoo.itemSpawnEggEnderZoo.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Enderminy
fe.protection.craft.EnderZoo.witheringDust.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Withering Dust
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.dictionary.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist Database
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cage.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Restraint Frame
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.clay.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Frame
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cocoa.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.debug.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nova Frame
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.soul.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Frame
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.honeyComb.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Barren Comb
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.honeyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Drop
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.misc.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Scented Gear
fe.protection.craft.ExtraBees.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Watery Propolis
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTrees.database.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Arborist Database
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTrees.databaseMoth.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTrees.durableHammer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTrees.food.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crabapple
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTrees.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTrees.misc.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Axe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Division Sigil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Etheric Sword
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glove
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Lasso
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Coil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kikoku
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ERR
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soul fragment
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Shears
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.carbonDissolver.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Dissolver
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.carbonLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Non-electric Lantern
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.electricIncandescentLightBulb.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Incandescent Light Bulb
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.glowingFilament.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glowing Filament
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.lightDebugTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lightblock Debug Tool
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.mantle.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mantle
fe.protection.craft.FloodLights.rawFilament.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Filament
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrath Shard
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Riding Crop
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Collar of Pain
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hexcoal
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Rod
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ambrosia
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apatite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ash.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ash
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Drone
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Princess
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Queen
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beverage.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canIce.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canLava.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canMead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canWater.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.carton.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carton
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Catalogue
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.crate.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crate
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBarley.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlack.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlight.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlue.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryDusk.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryMalo.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryRasp.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySky.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySting.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockHeatsand.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockTainted.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlueGlowshroom.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaGreenGlowshroom.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogBloodwood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogDarkwood.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogEucalyptus.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogFusewood.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogGhostwood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogHopseed.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogSakura.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogWillow.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaPotashApple.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaPurpleGlowshroom.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingBlood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingDarkwood.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingEucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingFusewood.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingGhostwood.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingHopseed.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingMaple.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingPurpleheart.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingRedwood.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSakura.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSilverbell.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingTiger.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingWillow.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Untreated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fruits.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Habitat Locator
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Drop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Pot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honeydew
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Imprinter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.infuser.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Infuser
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.letters.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Letter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mulch.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mulch
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectacles
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.peat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Phosphor
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pipette.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pipette
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollen.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.propolis.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Propolis
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Wax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sapling.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.scoop.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Scoop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soldering Iron
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.stamps.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Treealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Cast
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Pulp
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.airFan.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.airVent.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.basicItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Single Solar Module
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.battery.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketFuel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketOil.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.buggy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Buggy
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.buggymat.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.canister.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Canister
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.canvas.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Canvas
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.cheeseCurd.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese Curd
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.engine.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.flag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flag
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.fuelCanisterPartial.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.heavyPlating.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteBattery.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Infinite Battery
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteOxygen.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronIngot.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronRaw.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.noseCone.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.null.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oilCanisterPartial.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oilExtractor.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Oil Extractor
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenConcentrator.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenGear.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenMask.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankHeavyFull.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankLightFull.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankMedFull.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.parachute.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Parachute
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.rocketFins.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Fins
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.schematic.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorGlasses.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorLens.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor Lens
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.spaceship.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.standardWrench.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Wrench
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steelPole.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pole
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_axe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_boots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_sword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.atmosphericValve.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.bucketSludge.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLN2.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLOX.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.carbonFragments.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Axe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Hoe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Leggings
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPick.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPickSlime.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSpade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Shovel
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Sword
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.grapple.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Grapple
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.heavyNoseCone.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.itemAstroMiner.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Astro Miner
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.itemBasicAsteroids.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.itemTier3Rocket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.methaneCanisterPartial.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.null.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.orionDrive.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Orion Drive
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.schematic.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.spaceshipTier2.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.thermalPadding.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_axe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Axe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_boots.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_sword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Sword
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.BarnardaCStrawberry.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unknow Fruits
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedCoal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Coal
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualAluminium.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Aluminium
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualBronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Bronze
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedPlates.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Adamantite
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedSDHD120.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Alloy "SDHC-120"
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.GlowstoneDusts.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ceres Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate4.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate5.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate6.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate7.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate8.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Ingots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adamantite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ItemBioFuelCanister.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.biofuelCanisterPartial.name
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.JetPack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.LeadBattery.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Battery
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.MethaneBucket.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Methane Bucket
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lander Tier 1
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lander Tier 2
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander3.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lander Tier 3
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallCanister.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Fuel Tank
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallFuelCanister.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Small Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.QuantBow.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quant Bow
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.RocketParts.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Durable Nose Cone Tier 2
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier4.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier5.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier6.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier7.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier8.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.SolarFlares.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Part Solar Flares
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Sulfur.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfur
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalClothT2.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalPaddingT2.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Key.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Crystal Shard
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowWaterBucket.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_leg.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Leggins
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_plate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.lead_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.lead_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.lead_leg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Leggins
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.lead_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.plasmaaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Axe
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.plasmahoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Hoe
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.plasmapickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.plasmashovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Shovel
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.plasmasword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Sword
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_gravityboots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmetglasses.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_jetplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_leg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Leggins
fe.protection.craft.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_plate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT SpaceSuit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.analyst.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Analyst
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.database.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gene Database
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.masterRegistry.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Master Registry
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.misc.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.registry.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Registry
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.sequence.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.serum.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Serum Vial
fe.protection.craft.Genetics.serumArray.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Serum Array
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Drill (Mark I)
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.epicLappack.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Lappack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT GraviTool
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.itemPlasmaCell.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Cell [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Relocator
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Cannon [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vajra
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Altar Nexus
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Shard
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Auricion
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Compass
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Gem
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Power
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Charm Pouch
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Curse Amulet
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dry Splinter
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT End Powder
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Head
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Wand
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Essence
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Infernium
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Igneous Rock
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Instability Orb
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Note
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Living Matter
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Instability
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Purity
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rune of Power
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Tear
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stardust
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Temple Caller
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Transference Gem
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Steel)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Composite Vest
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT BatPack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Backpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energypack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Chaff
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCable.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hydration Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Credit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Item
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Sprayer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plantball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grin Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Resin
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hops
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lathing Tool
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Zero
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Coffee
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mug
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Saber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT CF Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Chunk
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coil
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT OD Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT OV Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Shard
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slag
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Static Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Turbine
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Wart
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Hammer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT EU-Reader
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Laser
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 235
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 238
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weed
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Weed-EX
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Memory
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.obscurator.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obscurator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.windmeter.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Windmeter
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemInventoryScannerCard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Tracking Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Text Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Time Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Range Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanillaMachineCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Machine Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanilliaKit.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Steel Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Storage upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sticker
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.beeNugget.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.capsule.magic.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Magic Capsule
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.capsule.void.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Void Capsule
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.comb.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Comb
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.drop.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameGentle.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gentle Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameMagic.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameMetabolic.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameNecrotic.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameOblivion.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameResilient.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Resilient Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.frameTemporal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Temporal Frame
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.item.thaumiumGrafter.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Grafter
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.item.thaumiumScoop.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Scoop
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.jellyBabies.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.magnet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.miscResources.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lore Fragment
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.moonDial.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.pollen.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.craft.MagicBees.wax.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Wax
fe.protection.craft.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.craft.Natura.Natura.netherfood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potash Apple
fe.protection.craft.Natura.barley.seed.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Natura.barleyBag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.Natura.barleyFood.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.Natura.berry.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry
fe.protection.craft.Natura.berry.nether.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blightberry
fe.protection.craft.Natura.berryMedley.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Berry Medley
fe.protection.craft.Natura.boneBag.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bonemeal Bag
fe.protection.craft.Natura.carrotBag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Bag
fe.protection.craft.Natura.cottonBag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.Natura.impmeat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Imphide
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.armor.impboots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Boots
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.armor.imphelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.armor.impjerkin.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.armor.impleggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.axe.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.axe.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.axe.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.axe.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.axe.netherquartz.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.bow.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.bow.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.bow.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.bow.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.emptybowl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.flintandblaze.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.kama.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.kama.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.kama.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.kama.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.kama.netherquartz.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Kama
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.pickaxe.bloodwood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.pickaxe.darkwood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.pickaxe.fusewood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.pickaxe.ghostwood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.pickaxe.netherquartz.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.shovel.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.shovel.darkwood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.shovel.fusewood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.shovel.ghostwood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.shovel.netherquartz.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.spawnegg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Imp
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.stewbowl.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.stick.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.sword.bloodwood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.sword.darkwood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.sword.fusewood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.sword.ghostwood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.Natura.natura.sword.netherquartz.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.Natura.potatoBag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Bag
fe.protection.craft.Natura.redwoodDoorItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redwood Door
fe.protection.craft.Natura.saguaro.fruit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.craft.Natura.wartBag.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart Bag
fe.protection.craft.Natura.waterdrop.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Juice
fe.protection.craft.Natura.wheatBag.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.NodalMechanics.item.nodalmechanics.matrix.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Unattuned Node Matrix
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cartographer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Backpack
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Control
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cursor
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT /dev/null
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Eraser
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT XP Bucket
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pointer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden eye
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hang Glider
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Height Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Luggage
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pedometer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Badass Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slimalyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Squeegee
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stencil
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tasty Clay
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT EEPROM
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hover Boots
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.item.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scrench
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Data Card
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Draw Plate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Circuit Plate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Recipe Plan
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Athame
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Backpack
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Gin
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT IC Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT IC Chip
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT White Fallout Light
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Lantern
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Illumar Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT OR Gate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Router Utility
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Item Responder chip
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.controlPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Control Panel
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.emptySprayCan.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Spray Can
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.miniatureButton.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Miniature White Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.miniatureCover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.gcewing_projectblue:miniatureCover
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.miniatureLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Miniature White Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.miniatureLever.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Miniature White Lever
fe.protection.craft.ProjectBlue.sprayCan.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Spray Paint
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.blank_plate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Plate
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.chip.location.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Location Chip
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.chip.transfer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Item Transfer Chip
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.chip.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Camouflage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.io_tool.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT IO Tool
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.linker.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Linker
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.pda.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT PDA
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.remoteAccessor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Accessor
fe.protection.craft.RIO.item.wireless_transmitter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Batbox Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT CESU Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT MFE Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Can
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Cell
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bleached Clay
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Meter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.notepad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Label
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Block Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Poison
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Player Core
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Boots
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Stone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.ic2Capacitor.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ridiculously Large Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.naquadah.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.naquadahIngot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.sgChevronUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.sgControllerCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.sgCoreCrystal.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.sgIrisBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.craft.SGCraft.sgIrisUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Food Journal
fe.protection.craft.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lunch Bag
fe.protection.craft.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lunch Box
fe.protection.craft.StevesAddons.duplicator.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manager Duplicator
fe.protection.craft.StevesAddons.labeler.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Factory Labeler
fe.protection.craft.StevesCarts.CartModule.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Engine
fe.protection.craft.StevesCarts.ModularCart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Modular cart
fe.protection.craft.StevesCarts.ModuleComponents.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Concealment Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Packing Tape
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Drawer Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Template
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Void Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Battleaxe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Battlesign
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.binding.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Binding
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Pattern
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Boots
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bowstring
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutlass
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Fletching
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Frying Pan
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pan
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gear Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Canister
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Knapsack
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Longsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lumber Axe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.materials.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Stack
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mattock
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ingot Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Launcher
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartArrowHead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Arrow Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartAxeHead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBinding.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Tool Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBowLimb.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Bow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChiselHead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Chisel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChunk.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Shard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbar.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Crossbar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowBody.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Crossbow Body (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowLimb.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Crossbow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartExcavatorHead.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Excavator Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFrypanHead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Pan (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFullGuard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Full Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartHammerHead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Hammer Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartKnifeBlade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Knife Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeGuard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Wide Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargePlate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Large Plate (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeSwordBlade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Large Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLumberHead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Broad Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartMediumGuard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Hand Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartPickaxeHead.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Pickaxe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartScytheHead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Scythe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShovelHead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Shovel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShuriken.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Shuriken (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSignHead.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Sign Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSwordBlade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToolRod.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughBind.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Tough Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughRod.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Tough Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.TGregworks.tgregworks.shardcast.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shard Cast
fe.protection.craft.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Length of Wire
fe.protection.craft.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spool of Wire
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Funguar
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Node in a Jar
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Focus Pouch
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Stone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Door
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Axe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Taint
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of Bone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Phial
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemFakeLootbag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Common Treasure
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Straw Golem
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Common Treasure
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Bean
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Crusher
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Research Notes
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Alumentum
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Protection
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sanity Checker
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Shard
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Blade
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sword
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumometer
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Air Arrow
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Cap
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amber Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Aer
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Taintberry
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.Golemancy_Bell_TH.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golemancer's Bell_TH
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cow
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.vat.name
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incubated Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Animated Golem
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Injector
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lens Case
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Illumine Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Echo Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Node Opener
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Planar Conduit
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Suicide Injection
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Syringe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Warded Syringe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Injection
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Putty
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicMachina.nodeAugmentation.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Node Augmentation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicMachina.wandAugmentationCore.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Augmentation Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicMachina.wandCore.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.wandCore.celestial.name
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Feline Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Transvector Binder
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Imbued Grain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Aer
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ichor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Aspect
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Protoclay
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Mould
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.craft.ToxicEverglades.everglades.trigger.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ?6Alkalus Disk [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.craft.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.craft.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Fur
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Hood
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Borer Essence
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Carminite
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Block and Chain
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life I
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life II
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crumble Horn
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Experiment 115
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Blood
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Legs
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Tears
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hydra Chop
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bomb
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Liveroot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Beans
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map #0
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map #0
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Wafer
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mazebreaker
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meef
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Steak
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Magnet
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Seeker Bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raven's Feather
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Torchberries
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tower Key
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Transformation Powder
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tri-bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Venison Steak
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Private Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Remote
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT REP
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT REther Pearl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bowl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.amulet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purification Talisman
fe.protection.craft.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.cleanser.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pure Tear
fe.protection.craft.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.paper.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Litmus Paper
fe.protection.craft.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.something.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hunk of Something
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedScribingTools.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Illuminated Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Native Uraninite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Gem
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Kama
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sweetwart
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yarn
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Greataxe
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Boots
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Helm
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Greaves
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Claymore
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.craft.Ztones.minicharcoal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mini Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.Ztones.minicoal.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mini Coal
fe.protection.craft.Ztones.ofanix.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ofanix
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.adventureBackpack.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Adventure Backpack
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.adventureHat.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Fedora
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.adventurePants.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Pants
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.adventureSuit.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Suit
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.backpackComponent.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.adventurebackpack:backpackComponent
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.backpackHose.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hose: Useless / No Backpack
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.clockworkCrossbow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clockwork Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.coalJetpack.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.copterPack.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copter Pack
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.machete.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Machete
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.melonJuiceBottle.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Juice Bottle
fe.protection.craft.adventurebackpack.pistonBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Piston Boots
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnet Card
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT 2? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT View Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biometric Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Staff
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cannon
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Network Tool
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BWPumpParts.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Elongated Glass Tube
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BW_CombinedRotor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Combined Primitive Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BW_LeatherRotor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Primitive Leather Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BW_PaperRotor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primitive Paper Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BW_SimpleWindMeter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Wind Meter
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BW_WoolRotor.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Primitive Wool Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BioLabModules.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT DNA Extraction Module
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.BioLabParts.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sterilized Petri Dish
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.bw.THTRMaterials.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT BISO pebble compund
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.craftingParts.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Grindstone Top Piece
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.GT2Destructopack.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT gt.GT2Destructopack.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.Tiberiumcell.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.TiberiumcellDep.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.0.name
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_HV.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rockcutter HV
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_LV.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rockcutter LV
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_MV.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rockcutter MV
fe.protection.craft.bartworks.tabIconGT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.chain.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chain
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.dagger.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.dagger.gold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Dagger
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.dagger.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dagger
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.dagger.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Dagger
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.dagger.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.heraldric.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heraldic Icon
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.knights_armour.boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knight's Boots
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.knights_armour.helmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knight's Helmet
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.knights_armour.legs.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knight's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.knights_armour.plate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knight's Plate
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.mace.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Mace
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.mace.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Mace
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.mace.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Mace
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.mace.stone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mace
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.mace.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Mace
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.mb.arrow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.quiver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Quiver
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.shield.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shield
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.shield.gold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shield
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.shield.hide.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hide Shield
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.shield.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shield
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.shield.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shield
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.spear.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Spear
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.spear.gold.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Spear
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.spear.iron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Spear
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.spear.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Spear
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.spear.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Spear
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.waraxe.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Waraxe
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.waraxe.gold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Waraxe
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.waraxe.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Waraxe
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.waraxe.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Waraxe
fe.protection.craft.battlegear2.waraxe.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Waraxe
fe.protection.craft.berriespp.BppPotions.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Fermented Wheat
fe.protection.craft.berriespp.Modifier.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Space Flower
fe.protection.craft.berriespp.foodBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Huckleberry
fe.protection.craft.berriespp.foodGoldfish.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Goldfish
fe.protection.craft.berriespp.itemLens.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plant Lens
fe.protection.craft.berriespp.itemSpade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spade
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterquesting.extra_life.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Extra Life
fe.protection.craft.betterquesting.guide_book.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Better Questing Starter Guide
fe.protection.craft.betterquesting.placeholder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Item Placeholder
fe.protection.craft.bq_standard.loot_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Loot Chest
fe.protection.craft.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blowtorch ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.craft.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Light Rope ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.craft.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel grate ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blowtorch
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Caution Tape
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rope Light
fe.protection.craft.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Grate
fe.protection.craft.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.craft.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Smashing Rock
fe.protection.craft.chisel.upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumBlade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.craft.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumRotor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.dockingUpgrade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Drone Docking Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.droneStation.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Drone Docking Station
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.gt_parts.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chromium Dioxide Tape Reel
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.ocParts.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.ocSpecialParts.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Track
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.partsForestry.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Caustic Comb
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.portableTapeDrive.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.craft.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cassette Tape
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.GTNHBioItems.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Collagen
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Concrete
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid_bucket.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Nitric Acid
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Pollution
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium_bucket.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Sodium Potassium (NaK)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilter.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Adsorption filter
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterCasing.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Adsorption filter casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterDirty.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty adsorption filter
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedBoard.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrick.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrickDust.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedProcessorBoard.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumBars.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumIronPlate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumItemCasing.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AluminoSilicateWool.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Alumino Silicate Wool
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AlumiteDust.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Alumite Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ApprenticeOrb.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apprentice Orb
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ArcaneSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Slate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ArchmageOrb.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Archmage Orb
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ArditePlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.AsteroidsStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Asteroid Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaEStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barnarda E Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaFStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barnarda F Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumIronPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BioBall.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Ball
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BioCarbonPlate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Carbon Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BioChunk.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Chunk
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BioOrganicMesh.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Organic Mesh
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumCompressedPlate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDensePlate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDust.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BlankPlatedChip.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Plated Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Blaster.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Blaster
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BloodVial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Vial
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BowFletchingCast.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bow Fletching Cast
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.BowStringCast.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bow String Cast
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceColdIngot.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Callisto Cold Ice Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceCompressedPlate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Callisto Ice Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDensePlate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Callisto Ice Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceIngot.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Callisto Ice Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIcePlate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CallistoStoneDust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Callisto Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmetNightVision.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Parts "Helmet Night Vision"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteChip.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Carminite Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteFragment.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Carminite Fragment
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CentauriAStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Centauri A Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CentauriASurfaceDust.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centauri A Surface Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CeresStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ceres Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzDust.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzPlate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzRod.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedMechanistWandCap.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Mechanist Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSilverWandCap.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Silver Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSojournerWandCap.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Sojourner Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedThaumiumWandCap.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Thaumium  Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChargedVoidWandCap.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Void  Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChromeBars.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChromeIronPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ChromeItemCasing.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CobbleStoneRod.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventure.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Explorer 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureI.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Explorer 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureII.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Explorer 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Explorer 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIV.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Explorer 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBees.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Beekeeper 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesI.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Beekeeper 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesII.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Beekeeper 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Beekeeper 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIV.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Beekeeper 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlank.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blank 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankI.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blank 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blank 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blank 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIV.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blank 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Vampire 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodI.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Vampire 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Vampire 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Vampire 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIV.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Vampire 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemist.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Chemist 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistI.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Chemist 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistII.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Chemist 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIII.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Chemist 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIV.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Chemist 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierI.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chunkloader Coin Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierII.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chunkloader Coin Tier II
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIII.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chunkloader Coin Tier III
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIV.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chunkloader Coin Tier IV
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierV.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chunkloader Coin Tier V
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinCook.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Cook 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookI.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Cook 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookII.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Cook 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Cook 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIV.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Cook 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Dark Wizard 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardI.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Dark Wizard 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Dark Wizard 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIII.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Dark Wizard 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIV.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Dark Wizard 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Farmer 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerI.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Farmer 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Farmer 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIII.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Farmer 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIV.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Farmer 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestry.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Forest Ranger 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryI.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Forest Ranger 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryII.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Forest Ranger 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIII.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Forest Ranger 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIV.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Forest Ranger 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmith.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blacksmith 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithI.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blacksmith 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blacksmith 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blacksmith 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIV.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Blacksmith 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpace.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Space Invaders 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceI.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Space Invaders 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Space Invaders 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Space Invaders 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIV.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Space Invaders 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Survivor 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorI.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Survivor 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorII.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Survivor 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIII.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Survivor 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIV.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Survivor 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnician.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Technician 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianI.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Technician 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Technician 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIII.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Technician 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIV.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "The Technician 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitch.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Spirit 1"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchI.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Spirit 10"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchII.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Spirit 100"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Spirit 1000"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIV.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coin "Spirit 10K"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrickDust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CompressedBioBall.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Bio Ball
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ConductiveIronBars.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CopperDualCompressedPlates.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Copper Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CopperWandCap.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.CrimsonStainedClothCap.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson-Stained Cloth Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.DeimosStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Deimos Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.DeshDualCompressedPlates.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Desh Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.DiamondCoreChip.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Item Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.DiamondDrillTip.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drill Tip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.DiamondFluidCoreChip.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Display.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Display
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.DraconiumEgg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Draconium Egg
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EMT.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electro Magic Tool
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EdibleSalt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Edible Salt
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ElectricBoatHull.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Boat Hull
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ElectricalSteelBars.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ElectrotineWire.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electrotine Wire
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedCoreChip.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Item Circuit Tier III
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedFluidCoreChip.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldHighAdvancedCoreChip.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Item Circuit Tier IV
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Empty1080SpCell.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT 1080K Space Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Empty180SpCell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT 180K Space Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Empty360SpCell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT 360K Space Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Empty540SpCell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT 540K Space Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusIceDust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enceladus Ice Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Enceladus Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnchantedClothCap.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Cloth Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnderEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Egg
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBars.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enderium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBaseBars.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enderium Base Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnergeticAlloyBars.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineCore.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Engine Core
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorEssentiaPulsatingCore.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Processor Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidDiamondCore.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Processor Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidEmeraldCore.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Processor Tier II
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemAdvEmeraldCore.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Item Processor Tier IV
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemDiamondCore.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Item Processor Tier II
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemEmeraldCore.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Item Processor Tier III
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorSpatialPulsatingCore.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spatial Processor Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngravedDiamondCrystalChip.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Engraved Diamond Crystal Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngravedEnergyChip.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Engraved Energy Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngravedGoldChip.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Engraved Gold Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngravedManyullynCrystalChip.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Engraved Manyullyn Crystal Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EngravedQuantumChip.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Engraved Quantum Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaNeutroniumSunnariumAlloy.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Naquadria Neutronium Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaSunnariumAlloy.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Naquadria Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedXSunnariumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched X Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EnvironmentalCircuit.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Environmental Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EssentiaCircuit.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EtchedInsaneVoltageWiring.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Etched Insane Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLowVoltageWiring.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Etched Low Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLudicrousVoltageWiring.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Etched Ludicrous Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EuropaIceDust.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Europa Ice Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.EuropaStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Europa Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ExtraLargeFuelCanister.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Extra Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ExtruderShapeBoat.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Extruder Shape (Boat)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.FieryBloodDrop.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Blood Drop
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.GanymedStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ganymed Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.GeneticCircuit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.GlowingMarshmallow.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glowing Marshmallow
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.GoldCoreChip.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Item Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.GoldWandCap.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HaumeaStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Haumea Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT4.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T4
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT5.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T5
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT6.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T6
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT7.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T7
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT8.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T8
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT9.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T9
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier3.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 3
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier4.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 4
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier4.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate Tier 4
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier5.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate Tier 5
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier6.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate Tier 6
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier7.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate Tier 7
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier8.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Plate Tier 8
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier3.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 3
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier4.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 4
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier3.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 3
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier4.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 4
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyCircuitParts.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT High Energy Circuit Parts
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyFlowCircuit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT High Energy Flow Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.HotNetherrackBrick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Netherrack Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IceCompressedPlate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Ice Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IceDualCompressedPlates.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Ice Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IchoriumCap.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IndustryFrame.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Industry Bee Frame
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.InfernalBrick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Infernal Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IoStoneDust.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Io Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IridiumAlloyItemCasing.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Alloy Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IridiumBars.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IridiumItemCasing.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IronDualCompressedPlates.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Iron Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IronWandCap.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedAluminiumPlate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedBedrockiumPlate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedChromePlate.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Chrome Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNaquadriaPlate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Naquadria Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNeutroniumPlate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Neutronium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTitaniumPlate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Titanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenPlate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenSteelPlate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LapotronDust.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LargeFuelCanister.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LaserEmitter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Laser Emitter
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LeadNickelPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Lead-Nickel Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LeadOriharukonPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Lead-Oriharukon Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LedoxColdIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LedoxCompressedPlate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Ledox Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDensePlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Ledox Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ledox Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LedoxIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LedoxPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ledox Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LichBone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lich Bone
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneChip.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lich Bone Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneFragment.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lich Bone Fragment
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LightAxeHead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Light Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LightBinding.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Light Binding
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LightPickaxeHead.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LightShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Light Shaft
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LightSwordBlade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Light Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LogicProcessorItemGoldCore.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Item Processor Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LongObsidianRod.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.LongStoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MaceratedPlantmass.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plant mass
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MagicianOrb.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magician Orb
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MakeMakeStoneDust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT MakeMake Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MalformedSlush.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Malformed Slush
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynPlate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MarsStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mars Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Marshmallow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Semi-stable Marshmallow
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowForm.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mold (Marshmallow)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowFormMold.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Marshmallow Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MasterOrb.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Master Orb
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MedalBuilder.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Medal - Excellent Builder
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MedalDerp.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Medal - Darwin award
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MedalEngineer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Medal - Engineer Supreme
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MedalGTExplosion.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Medal - Official GT Player
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MedalWarp.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Medal - Nanananananananana... WarpMan!
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MediumFuelCanister.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MercuryCoreDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Core Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MercuryStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronDualCompressedPlates.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Meteoric Iron Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronString.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron String
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedPulp.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mica Based Pulp
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedSheet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mica Based Sheet
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorFoil.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mica Insulator Foil
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorSheet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mica Insulator Sheet
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MirandaStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Miranda Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mold (Boots)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mold (Chestplate)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Anvil Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormArrowHead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Arrow Head Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBaguette.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Baguette Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBall.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Ball Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBlock.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Block Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBolt.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form(Bolt Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mold Form Boots
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBottle.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Bottle Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBread.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Bread Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBuns.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Buns Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCasing.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Casing Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mold Form Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCoinage.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Coinage Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCylinder.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Cylinder Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormGear.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Gear Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mold Form Helmet
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormIngot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Ingot Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mold Form Leggings
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormName.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Name Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormNuggets.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Nuggets Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeHuge.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Huge Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeLarge.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Large Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeMedium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Normal Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeSmall.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Small Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeTiny.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPlate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Plate Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRing.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Ring Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRotor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Rotor Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRound.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form(Round Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormScrew.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form(Screw Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormSmallGear.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Small Gear Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form(Stick Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStickLong.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form(Long Stick Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormTurbineBlade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Turbine Blade Mold)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mold (Helmet)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoldLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mold (Leggings)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MoonStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Moon Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MushroomPowder.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MutatedEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mutated Egg
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalColdIngot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalCompressedPlate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDensePlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDualCompressedPlates.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Mysterious Crystal Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDust.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemExquisite.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Exquisite Probable Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemFlawless.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Unknown Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalIngot.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalLens.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Quite Certain Crystal Lens
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalPlate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCompressedPlate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDensePlate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDualCompressedPlates.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Mytryl Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDust.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mytryl Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylHotIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylIngot.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.MytrylPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleChip.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleFragment.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Fragment
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoBoard.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoChestJetPack.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Chest Jet Pack
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoPlatedLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Plated Leggings
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoProcessorBoard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoRubberBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Rubber Boots
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NanoScubaHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Scuba Helme
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NaquadriaIronPlate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NetherStarFragment.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star Fragment
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorParts.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorSmallParts.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Small Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumBars.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumIronPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumItemCasing.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Nothing.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT You got nothing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.OberonStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Oberon Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumBars.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumItemCasing.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.OvenGlove.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.OvenGlove.name
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PhobosStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Phobos Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PicoWafer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pico Wafer
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PikoCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Piko Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PistonPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Piston Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PlutoIceDust.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pluto Ice Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PlutoStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pluto Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PotassiumHydroxideDust.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Potassium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PrimordialPearlFragment.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Pearl Fragment
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ProteusStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Proteus Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingIronBars.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Iron Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingSpatialCoreChip.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spatial Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumCompressedPlate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Quantium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDensePlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Quantium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDualCompressedPlates.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Quantium Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDust.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Quantium Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumHotIngot.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Quantium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumPlate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quantium Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumRod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Quantium Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumBoard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCircuit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Circuit
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartBoots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmetEmpty.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Parts "Helmet Empty"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.QuantumProcessorBoard.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawBioFiber.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Bio Fiber
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawLapotronCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawMytryl.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawNeutronium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier1.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Orb Tier I
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier2.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Orb Tier II
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier3.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Orb Tier III
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier4.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Orb Tier IV
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier5.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Orb Tier V
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier6.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Orb Tier VI
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawPicoWafer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Pico Wafer
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RawSDHCAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw "SDHC-120" Alloy
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.RedstoneAlloyBars.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Alloy Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedAluminiumIronPlate.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedBedrockiumIronPlate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedChromeIronPlate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassLense.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Glass Lens
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassPlate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Glass Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedIridiumDrillTip.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iridium Drill Tip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNaquadriaIronPlate.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNeutroniumIronPlate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTitaniumIronPlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenIronPlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenSteelIronPlate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SandDust.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Sand
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SandStoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeArdite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeManyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladePeridot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeRuby.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeSapphire.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeStone.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsAstroMiner.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Astro Miner Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsCargoRocket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Cargo Rocket Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsMoonBuggy.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Moon Buggy Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier1.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 1 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier2.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 2 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier3.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 3 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier4.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 4 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier5.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 5 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier6.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 6 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier7.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 7 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier8.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Schematics Rocket Tier 8 Chip
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShadowImbuedClothCap.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow-Imbued Cloth Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShadowmetalCap.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeAxeHead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Axe Head Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Block Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBoat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Boat Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBolt.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Bolt Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Bottle Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCasing.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Casing Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCell.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Cell Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeFileHead.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (File Head Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeGear.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Gear Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHammerHead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Hammer Head Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHoeHead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Hoe Head Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHugePipe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Huge Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Ingot Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeLargePipe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Large Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeNormalPipe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Normal pipe Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapePickaxeHead.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Pickaxe Head Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Plate Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRing.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Ring Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Rod Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRotor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Rotor Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSawBlade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Saw Blade Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeShovelHead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Shovel head Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallGear.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Small Gear Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallPipe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Small Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSwordBlade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Sword Blade Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTinyPipe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTurbineBlade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Turbine Blade Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ShapeWire.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Casting Form (Wire Shape)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SilverThread.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.SilverThread.name
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SilveredFleece.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Silvered Fleece
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SimpleCircuitBoard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SixtyKCell.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT 60K Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBlood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Snow Queen Blood
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBloodDrop.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Snow Queen Blood Drop
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SoulariumBars.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Soularium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelBars.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT StainlessSteel Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelItemCasing.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stainless Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StargateChevron.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Chevron
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StargateCrystalDust.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate-Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StargateFramePart.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Frame Part
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StargateShieldingFoil.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate-Radiation-Containment-Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SteelBars.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.SteelDualCompressedPlates.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Steel Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.StonePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TCetiESeaweedExtract.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TCetiE-Seaweed Extract
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TCetiEStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tceti E Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TeleposerFrame.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Teleposer Frame
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TenKCell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 10K Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TheBigEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT The Big Egg
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.ThirtyKCell.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT 30K Cell
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Tier2Booster.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Booster
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Tier3Booster.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Booster
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.Tier4Booster.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Booster
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TinDualCompressedPlates.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Tin Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TitanStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Titan Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumBars.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumDualCompressedPlates.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Dual Titanium Plates
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumIronPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumItemCasing.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TranscendentOrb.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Transcendent Orb
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TritonStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Triton Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenBars.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenIronPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenItemCasing.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelBars.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT TungstenSteel Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelIronPlate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelItemCasing.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TungstenString.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten String
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.TwilightCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quick and Dirty Portal Generator
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.UncookedSlush.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uncooked Slush
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredClayBrick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Clay Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredCokeOvenBrick.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSearedBrick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Seared Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSlimeSoulBrick.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Slime Soul Brick
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VegaBStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vega B Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VenusStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Venus Stone Dust
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VibrantAlloyBars.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy Bars
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VinteumThread.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.VinteumThread.name
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VoidEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Essence
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VoidFoil.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Foil
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VoidPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Plate
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VoidRing.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Ring
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VoidRod.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Rod
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.VoidSeed.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Seed
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WaferTier3.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wafer Tier 3
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapAlchemical.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemical Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapBloodIron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapElementium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapManaSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapTerraSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapThauminite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WandCapVinteum.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vinteum Cap
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WeakOrb.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Orb
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WetTofu.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wet Tofu
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WirelessTransmitter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WitherProtectionRing.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wither protection Ring
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WoodenBrickForm.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Form (Brick)
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.item.WoodenCasing.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Casing
fe.protection.craft.dreamcraft.itemQuantumToast.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.QuantumBread.name
fe.protection.craft.enhancedlootbags.lootbag.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT LootBag (Default)
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.blank_portal_module.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Portal Module
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.blank_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.glasses.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glasses
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.location_card.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Location Card
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.manual.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ENHANCED PORTALS: wormhole tunneling
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.nanobrush.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nanobrush
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.portal_module.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Particle Destroyer
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Interface Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.enhancedportals.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.eternalsingularity.combined_singularity.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nitronic Singularity
fe.protection.craft.eternalsingularity.eternal_singularity.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Singularity
fe.protection.craft.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT null
fe.protection.craft.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.extracells.part.base.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.component.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemArcanePackage.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Package
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemAuraCore.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Aura Core
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemCreativeNode.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Aura Node
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemElement.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Element of Darkness
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemEtherealFamiliar.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Familiar
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemExtendedNodeJar.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Node in a Jar
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemPlacer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemShield.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemFakeModIcon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemFamiliar.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Familiar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemGolemCoreBreak.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.ItemTransformationFocus.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT [WIP] Wand Focus: Transformation
fe.protection.craft.gadomancy.itemSilverwoodGolemPlacer.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silverwood Golem
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Production Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Climate Control Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Template
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Import Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.Labware.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Labware
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Power Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Protein Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Protein Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.Waste.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Waste
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCell.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCellDep.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_Naquadahcell.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.MNqCell.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.MNqCell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.MNqCellDep.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Naquadahcell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.NaquadahcellDep.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT gt.NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Volumetric_Flask.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Volumetric_Flask.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lignite Comb
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.detrav.metatool.01.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.detrav.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.drop.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Drop
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.99.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.99.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.pollen.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Matrix Pollen
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.propolis.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zoko Propolis
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Almond
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Almond Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Turnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bakeware
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Baklava
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Banana
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Split
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Bass
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Batter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Battered Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beans and Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beans on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Wellington
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT BLT
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Boiled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Braised Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brownie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bubbly Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Buttered Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT California Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Apple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Catfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chai Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Charr
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cheesecake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chiko Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Poppers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chorizo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Citrus Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cola Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cornbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cornflakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cornmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cottage Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cracker
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cream Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Croissant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Custard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cutting Board
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Damper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Date
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Delighted Meal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dim Sum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dough
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Durian
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Edible Root
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Eel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Nog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Drink
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Espresso
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fig
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Firm Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fish and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sticks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flour
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Footlong
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT French Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Frog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Frosted Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Punch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Futo Maki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Garam Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Garden Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gherkin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Ale
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grain Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grape
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gravy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Grouper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Grub
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Guacamole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gummy Bears
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Herring
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hotdog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Jaffa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jam Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jellybeans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jelly Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Juicer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ketchup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Keylime Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kimchi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lamington
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leek
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lemonade
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lime
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mango
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Chutney
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manjuu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Marshmellows
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Marzipan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mayo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT McPam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mince Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mixed Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mochi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Museli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Naan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nachoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nutella
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Oats
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oats Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Creole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Olive
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooking Oil
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Omelet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Onion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orange
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pasta
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pavlova
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT PB&J
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peas and Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peas Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peppercorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peppermint
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pepperoni
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Perch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pickles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pinacolada
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Poached Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Popcorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Cakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pot Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Powdered Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pralines
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Queen Bee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Radish Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raisins
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Random Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Refried Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Root Beer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Salad Dressing
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Salmon Patties
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Saucepan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Ball
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silken Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Skillet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snapper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Snickers Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spagetti
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Bun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Greens
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spring Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steak and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stock
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Suadero
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sunday Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sushi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Taffy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tim Tam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tortilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Trail Mix
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Trout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tuna Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tuna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Strips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vindaloo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vinegar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Walleye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Waxcomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zeppole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.Quartz_Axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.Quartz_Hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.Quartz_Pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.Quartz_Shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.Quartz_Sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.bloodleafItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.bloodleafseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.fleshrootItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flesh Root
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.fleshrootseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flesh Root Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.glowflowerseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glow Flower Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.ignisfruitItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.marrowberryItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Marrow Berry
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.marrowberryseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Marrow Berry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.netherbedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Bed
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.quartzbootsItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Boots
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.quartzchestItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Chest
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.quartzhelmItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Helm
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.quartzingotItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Ingot
fe.protection.craft.harvestthenether.quartzleggingsItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ifu.ifu_buildingKit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Finder Wand
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_copper.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Copper Chest
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_crystal.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Crystal Chest
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_diamond.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Diamond Chest
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_dirtchest9000.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with DirtChest9000
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_gold.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Gold Chest
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_iron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Iron Chest
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Obsidian Chest
fe.protection.craft.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_silver.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Silver Chest
fe.protection.craft.irontank.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.glassCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.glassIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.silverDiamondUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontank.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.kekztech.kekztech_crafting_item.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Heat Pipe
fe.protection.craft.kekztech.kekztech_error_item.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT KekzTech Error Coin
fe.protection.craft.kekztech.kekztech_reactor_item.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Green Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT White Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Custom Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Factory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jail Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rusty Handle
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Saloon Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shoji Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.2Ethylanthrahydroquinone.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT 2-Ethylanthrahydroquinone Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.2Ethylanthraquinone.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT 2-Ethylanthraquinone Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.AAA_Broken.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Errors - Tell Alkalus Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Ammonium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ammonium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.AmmoniumBifluoride.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ammonium Bifluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.AmmoniumNitrateSlurry.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ammonium Nitrate Slurry Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.AmmoniumTetrafluoroberyllate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ammonium Tetrafluoroberyllate Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Anthracene.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Anthracene Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.BerylliumHydroxide.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Bromine.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bromine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.CoalGas.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Gas Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.CoalTar.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Tar Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.CoalTarOil.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Ethylbenzene.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethylbenzene Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.FertileManureSlurry.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Fertile Slurry
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Fertiliser.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Formaldehyde.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Formaldehyde Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.01.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [LV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.02.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [MV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.03.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [HV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.04.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [EV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.05.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [IV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.06.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [LuV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.07.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [ZPM]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.08.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [UV]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.09.name.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Charge Pack [MAX]?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Creeper.name.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ?fCreeper Killer?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Enderman.name.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ?fEnderman Killer?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Hellish.name.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ?fNether Mob Killer?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Skeleton.name.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ?fSkeleton Killer?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Spider.name.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ?fSpider Killer?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Zombie.name.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ?fZombie Killer?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GTPP.bauble.fireprotection.0.name.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ?4Supreme Pizza Gloves?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.GeneticMutagen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Hydrazine.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hydrazine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.HydrogenPeroxide.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hydrogen Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Hydroxide.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.IndustrialDiamondExquisite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Exquisite Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Kerosene.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kerosene Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Krypton.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Krypton Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Li2BeF4.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Li2BeF4 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.LiquidHydrogen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Hydrogen Cell [LOH]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.LithiumPeroxide.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.MU-metaitem.01.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT MU-metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.MU-metaitem.02.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ?0Test Item 0
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.MU-metatool.01.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Hand Pump
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.ManureSlurry.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Manure Slurry
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Monomethylhydrazine.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Monomethylhydrazine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Naphthalene.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Naphthalene Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.NitrogenTetroxide.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nitrogen Tetroxide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.PhthalicAcid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Phthalic Acid Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RP1Fuel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT RP-1 Fuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RaisinJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raisin Juice Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RawWaste.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Animal Waste
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RocketFuelMixA.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT H8N4C2O4 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RocketFuelMixB.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT RP-1 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RocketFuelMixC.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT CN3H7O3 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.RocketFuelMixD.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Hydrazine Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.SlowBuildingRing.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ?eSlow Building Ring?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.SulfuricCoalTarOil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfuric Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.Toluene.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Toluene Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.UN18Fertiliser.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT UN-18 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.UN32Fertiliser.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT UN-32 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.ZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.aniline.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Aniline Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackBlack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackBlue.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackCyan.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackDarkGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Green Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackDarkPurple.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Purple Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackGray.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackGreen.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Green Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackMaroon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Maroon Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackNavy.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Navy Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Olive Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackPurple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackRed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Red Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackTeal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Teal Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackWhite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT White Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.backpackYellow.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Backpack
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.bookGT.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ?oThermal Boiler Manual
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.cadaverine.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cadaverine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedAgarditeCd.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedAgarditeLa.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedAgarditeNd.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedAgarditeY.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedAlburnite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedAncientGranite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedBariteRd.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeCd.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeLa.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeNd.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeY.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAlburnite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAncientGranite.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedBariteRd.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCerite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedComancheite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCrocoite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCryolite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedDemicheleiteBr.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFlorencite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorcaphite.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteCe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteY.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGeikielite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGreenockite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHibonite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHoneaite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedIrarsite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKashinite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKoboldite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLafossaite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteCe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteLa.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteNd.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLautarite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLepersonnite.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedMiessiite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedNichromite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPerroudite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPolycrase.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthI.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthII.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthIII.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRunite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteY.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteYb.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedTitanite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedXenotime.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttriaite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrialite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrocerite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZimbabweite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirconolite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircophyllite.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirkelite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Centrifuged Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCerite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedComancheite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCrocoite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedCryolite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedDemicheleiteBr.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedFlorencite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedFluorcaphite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedFluorite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteCe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteY.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedGeikielite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedGreenockite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedHibonite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedHoneaite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedIrarsite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedKashinite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedKoboldite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedLafossaite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteCe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteLa.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteNd.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedLautarite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedLepersonnite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedMiessiite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedNichromite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPerroudite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPolycrase.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeCd.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeLa.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeNd.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeY.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAlburnite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAncientGranite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedBariteRd.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCerite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedComancheite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCrocoite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCryolite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedDemicheleiteBr.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFlorencite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorcaphite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteCe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteY.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGeikielite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGreenockite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHibonite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHoneaite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedIrarsite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKashinite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKoboldite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLafossaite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteCe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteLa.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteNd.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLautarite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLepersonnite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedMiessiite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedNichromite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPerroudite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPolycrase.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthI.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthII.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthIII.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRunite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteY.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteYb.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedTitanite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedXenotime.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttriaite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrialite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrocerite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZimbabweite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirconolite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircophyllite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirkelite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedRareEarthI.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedRareEarthII.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedRareEarthIII.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedRunite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteY.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteYb.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedTitanite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedXenotime.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedYttriaite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedYttrialite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedYttrocerite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedZimbabweite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedZircon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedZirconolite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedZircophyllite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.crushedZirkelite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.cryotheum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cryotheum Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.cyclohexane.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cyclohexane Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.cyclohexanone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyclohexanone Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dummyResearch.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ?dResearch on Containment Fields
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeCd.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeLa.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeNd.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeY.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureAlburnite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureBariteRd.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureCerite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Cerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureComancheite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureCrocoite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureCryolite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureDemicheleiteBr.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureFlorencite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Florencite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureFluorcaphite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureFluorite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteCe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteY.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureGeikielite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureGreenockite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureHibonite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureHoneaite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureIrarsite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureKashinite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureKoboldite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureLafossaite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteCe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteLa.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteNd.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureLautarite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureLepersonnite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureMiessiite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureNichromite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpurePerroudite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpurePolycrase.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Strange Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthI.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthII.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthIII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Runite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteY.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteYb.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureTitanite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Titanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureXenotime.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureYttriaite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureYttrialite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureYttrocerite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureZimbabweite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureZircon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Zircon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureZirconolite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureZircophyllite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustImpureZirkelite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Impure Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustMolybdenum99.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Molybdenum 99 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustNeptunium238.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium 238 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeCd.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeLa.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeNd.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeY.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureAlburnite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureAncientGranite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureBariteRd.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureCerite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Cerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureComancheite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureCrocoite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureCryolite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureDemicheleiteBr.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureFlorencite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Florencite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureFluorcaphite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureFluorite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteY.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureGeikielite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureGreenockite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureHibonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureHoneaite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureIrarsite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureKashinite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureLafossaite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteLa.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteNd.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureLautarite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureLepersonnite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureMiessiite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureNichromite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPurePerroudite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPurePolycrase.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Strange Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthI.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthII.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthIII.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Runite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteY.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteYb.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureTitanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Titanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureXenotime.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureYttriaite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureYttrialite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureYttrocerite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureZimbabweite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureZircon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Zircon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureZirconolite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureZircophyllite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustPureZirkelite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustRadium226.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Radium 226 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustTechnetium99.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium 99 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.dustTechnetium99M.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium 99M Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameAccelerated.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Accelerated Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameArborists.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Arborist Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameBusy.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Working Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameDecaying.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Decaying Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameMutagenic.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagenic Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameSlowing.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Slowing Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameStabilizing.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stabilizing Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.frameUseless.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Useless Frame
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.gt.plusplus.metatool.01.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.plusplus.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.gtpp.bucket.generic.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.gtpp.debug.scanner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT GT++ Debug Scanner
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.gtpp.throwable.bomb.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Bomb
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.Eatotron9000.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Eatotronic 9000
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.MysticBag.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mystic Pouch
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.ToolBox.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Workers Toolbox
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.empty.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore1.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [ULV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore10.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [MAX].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [LV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore3.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [MV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore4.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [HV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore5.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [EV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore6.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [IV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore7.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [LuV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore8.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [ZPM].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore9.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Core [UV].
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemDragonJar.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Capture Jar
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodActinium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Actinium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Astatine Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Californium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodCurium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Curium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodFermium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fermium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Francium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongActinium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Actinium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAmericium241.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Long Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAstatine.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Astatine Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongBerkelium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongCurium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Long Curium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongEinsteinium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFermium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Long Fermium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFrancium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Francium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Long LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Long LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Long LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptunium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium238.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Long Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium239.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Long Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Polonium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium210.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongProtactinium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Long Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadioactiveMineralMix.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Long Radium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongStrontium90.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Long Technetium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Long Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodLongUraniumTetrafluoride.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodRadium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Radium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium 232 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemRodUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemSandstoneHammer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Breaker
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tree Feller
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Digger
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.modularbauble.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Bauble
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.item.thekeytothecity.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT The Key to the City
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemAirFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Air Filter [Tier 1]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemAlkalusDisk.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Alkalus Disk
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBigEgg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ?? ounce Chicken Egg
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBlueprint.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint [I am useless]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoilerChassis.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Boiler Chassis [Tier 1]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBoltZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBombCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bomb Casing
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemBombUnf.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Bomb (unf)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCactusCharcoal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCactusCoke.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Coke
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellActinium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Actinium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellAdvancedNitinol.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Nitinol Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellAmericium241.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Americium 241 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellAstatine.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Astatine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBabbitAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Babbit Alloy Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBakelite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bakelite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBerkelium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Berkelium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBerylliumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBlackTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Titanium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellCalifornium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Californium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellCarbyne.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Carbyne Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellCurium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Curium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellDragonblood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dragonblood Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Base Compound Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellEinsteinium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Einsteinium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellFermium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fermium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellFrancium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Francium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Germanium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHG1223.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT HG-1223 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHydrogenCyanide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Hydrogen Cyanide
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Koboldite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellLithiumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellNeon.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Neon Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellNeptunium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellNylon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nylon Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium238.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 238 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium239.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 239 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellPolonium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellPolonium210.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium 210 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellProtactinium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Protactinium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellRadium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Radium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellRhugnor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhugnor Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Runite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellSeleniousAcid.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Selenious Acid Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumDioxide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Dioxide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellStrontium90.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium 90 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTechnetium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTeflon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Teflon Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellThoriumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Alloy Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellUranium232.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 232 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellUranium233.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 233 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellUraniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellXenon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Xenon Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCellZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCircuitLFTR.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ?aControl Circuit
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCoalCoke.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coking Coal
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemControlCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Control Core [ULV]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.agon.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Agon (0)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.bitt.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bitt (0)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.iszm.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iszm (0)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.jelt.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Jelt (0)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.korp.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Korp (0)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.miscutils.GtMachineCasings.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT ?dUltra Low Voltage Machine Plate Cover
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDebugClearing.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Square [1]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dehydrator Coil [EV]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoilWire.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coil Wire [EV]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDetCable.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bomb Fuse
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDrained.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Drained Shard
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustActinium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Actinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAdvancedNitinol.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeCd.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeLa.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeNd.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeY.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAlburnite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAmericium241.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAmmoniumNitrate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAncientGranite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAstatine.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Astatine Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBabbitAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBakelite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBariteRd.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBerkelium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBerylliumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBlackTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCalciumCarbonate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCalciumHydroxide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCalifornium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Californium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCerite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustComancheite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustConductiveIron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCookedZrCl4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCrocoite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCryolite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustCurium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Curium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustDecayedRadium226.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustDemicheleiteBr.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustDragonblood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustEinsteinium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustElectricalSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustEnergeticAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustFermium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fermium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustFlorencite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Florencite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustFluorcaphite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustFluorite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustFrancium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Francium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteY.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGeikielite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Germanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGreenockite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustGypsum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHG1223.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHibonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHoneaite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInfusedAir.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Air Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInfusedEarth.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Earth Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInfusedFire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Fire Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustInfusedWater.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Water Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustIrarsite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustKashinite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLafossaite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteLa.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteNd.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLautarite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLepersonnite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLi2BeF4.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLithium7.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLithiumCarbonate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLithiumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroxide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustLithiumPeroxide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustManureByproducts.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustMiessiite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustMixTumbaga.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustNeptunium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustNichromite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustNylon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nylon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustOrganicFertilizer.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPerroudite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPhthalicAnhydride.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium238.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium239.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPolonium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPolonium210.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPolycrase.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPromethium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustProtactinium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustPulsatingIron.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Strange Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRadium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Radium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthI.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthII.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthIII.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRedstoneAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRhugnor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Runite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteY.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteYb.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumDioxide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallActinium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAdvancedNitinol.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeCd.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeLa.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeNd.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeY.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAlburnite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmericium241.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmmoniumNitrate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstatine.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBabbitAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBakelite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBariteRd.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerkelium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerylliumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumCarbonate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumHydroxide.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalifornium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCerite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallComancheite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallConductiveIron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCookedZrCl4.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCrocoite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCryolite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallCurium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallDecayedRadium226.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallDemicheleiteBr.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallDragonblood.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallEinsteinium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallElectricalSteel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergeticAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallFermium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallFlorencite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorcaphite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallFrancium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteCe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteY.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGeikielite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGreenockite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallGypsum.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHG1223.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHibonite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHoneaite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallIodine.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallIrarsite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallKashinite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallKoboldite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafossaite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteCe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteLa.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteNd.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLautarite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLepersonnite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2BeF4.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithium7.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumCarbonate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroxide.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumPeroxide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallManureByproducts.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallMiessiite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallMixTumbaga.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptunium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallNichromite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallNylon.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallOrganicFertilizer.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPerroudite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPhthalicAnhydride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium238.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium239.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium210.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolycrase.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPotin.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPromethium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallProtactinium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallPulsatingIron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthI.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthII.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthIII.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRedstoneAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhugnor.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRunite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteY.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteYb.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumDioxide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallSoularium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallStellite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium90.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumHydroxide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumOxide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTeflon.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallThallium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallThorium232.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitanite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN18Fertiliser.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN32Fertiliser.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium232.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium233.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallVibrantAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallXenotime.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttriaite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrialite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrocerite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZimbabweite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircon.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconolite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircophyllite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirkelite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallZrCl4.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSmallphenolicresins.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustSoularium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soularium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustStrontium90.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumHydroxide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumOxide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTechnetium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTeflon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Teflon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustThorium232.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustThoriumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyActinium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeCd.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeLa.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeNd.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeY.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAlburnite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmmoniumNitrate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBakelite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBariteRd.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerylliumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumCarbonate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCerite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyComancheite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyConductiveIron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCookedZrCl4.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCrocoite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCryolite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyCurium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyDecayedRadium226.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyDemicheleiteBr.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyDragonblood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyElectricalSteel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergeticAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyFermium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyFlorencite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorcaphite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteY.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGeikielite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGreenockite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyGypsum.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHG1223.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHibonite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHoneaite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyIodine.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyIrarsite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyKashinite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafossaite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteLa.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteNd.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLautarite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLepersonnite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2BeF4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithium7.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumCarbonate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumPeroxide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyManureByproducts.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyMiessiite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyMixTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyNichromite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyNylon.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyOrganicFertilizer.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPerroudite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPhthalicAnhydride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolycrase.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPromethium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyPulsatingIron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthI.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthII.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthIII.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRedstoneAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRunite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteY.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteYb.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySelenium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumDioxide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinySoularium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyStellite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumHydroxide.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumOxide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTeflon.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyThallium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitanite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN18Fertiliser.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN32Fertiliser.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium232.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium233.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyVibrantAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyXenotime.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttriaite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrialite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrocerite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZimbabweite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircon.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconolite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircophyllite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirkelite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyZrCl4.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTinyphenolicresins.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTitanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Titanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustUN18Fertiliser.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustUN32Fertiliser.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustUranium232.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustUranium233.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustUraniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustVibrantAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustXenotime.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustYttriaite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustYttrialite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustYttrocerite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZimbabweite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZircon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zircon Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZirconolite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZircophyllite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZirkelite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustZrCl4.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemDustphenolicresins.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemEnergeticRotorBlade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemEnergeticShaft.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFiber.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plant Fiber
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Babbit Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Grisium Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireHG1223.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fine HG-1223 Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Koboldite Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWirePalladium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Palladium Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Quantum Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fine White Metal Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFineWireZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fine Zirconium Wire
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFoodCurriedSausages.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT A Serving of Curried Sausages
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemFoodRaisinToast.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT A Serving of Raisin Toast
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGearZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGemDull.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dull Gemstone
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGemShards.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shards
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGenericToken.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ?rBitCoin
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemGrindleTablet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grindle
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHalfCompleteCasings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Half Complete Casing I
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHatTinFoil.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Foil Hat
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAncientGranite.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAstralTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackMetal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Black Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBronze.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Bronze Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateEglinSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateHypogen.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateOsmiridium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Osmiridium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlatePotin.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Potin Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateQuantum.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Quantum Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateRhugnor.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateStainlessSteel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Stainless Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateTalonite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Talonite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWatertightSteel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWhiteMetal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy White Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHeliumBlob.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Hydrogen Substance
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotFoodCurriedSausages.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT A Serving of Hot Curried Sausages
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotFoodRaisinToast.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT A Serving of Hot Raisin Toast
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Hastelloy-W Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotRaisinBread.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT A Serving of Hot Raisin Bread
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotStellite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHotIngotZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHydrofluoricPotion.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Vial of Hydrofluoric Acid
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemHydrogenBlob.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Hydrogen Blob
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotActinium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Actinium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotAdvancedNitinol.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Nitinol Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotAmericium241.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Americium 241 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotAncientGranite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Granite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotAstatine.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Astatine Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBabbitAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Babbit Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBakelite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bakelite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBerkelium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Berkelium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBerylliumFluoride.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBlackTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotCalifornium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Californium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotCurium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Curium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotDragonblood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Metal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotEinsteinium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Einsteinium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotFermium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fermium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotFrancium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Francium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHG1223.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT HG-1223 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotLithium7.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium 7 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotLithiumFluoride.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotNeptunium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotNylon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nylon Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium238.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 238 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium239.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 239 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium210.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium 210 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotPromethium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotProtactinium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Protactinium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRadium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Radium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRaisinBread.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT A Serving of Raisin Bread
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRhugnor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhugnor Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRunite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Runite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium90.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium 90 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTeflon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Teflon Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotThorium232.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotUranium232.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotUranium233.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 233 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIridiumRotorBlade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemIridiumShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Shaft
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemKeyBig4000DC's.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT 4000DC's Big Key
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemLavaFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Filter
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemMushroomForest.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Forest Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetAbyssalAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetActinium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Actinium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetAdvancedNitinol.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Nitinol Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetAmericium241.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Americium 241 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Granite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetArcanite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetArceusAlloy2B.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetAstatine.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Astatine Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetAstralTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBabbitAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Babbit Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBakelite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bakelite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBerkelium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Berkelium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBerylliumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackMetal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetBloodSteel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetCalifornium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Californium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetChromaticGlass.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetCinobiteA243.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetCurium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Curium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetDragonblood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shard of Dragonblood
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetDysprosium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetEinsteinium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Einsteinium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetEnergyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetFermium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fermium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetFrancium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Francium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHG1223.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT HG-1223 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHafnium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyC276.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyN.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyW.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyX.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetHypogen.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloy020.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyDS.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyMA956.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel625.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel690.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel792.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetIodine.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetLafiumCompound.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetLithium7.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium 7 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetLithiumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel250.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel300.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel350.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptunium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetNiobiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetNylon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nylon Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetOctiron.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPikyonium64B.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium238.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 238 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium239.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium 239 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium210.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Polonium 210 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPotin.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetPromethium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetProtactinium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Protactinium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetRadium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Radium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetRhenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetRhodium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetRhugnor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rhugnor Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Runite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetRuthenium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetSelenium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetSiliconCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetStaballoy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetStellite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium90.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium 90 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTalonite.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy60.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy61.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTeflon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Teflon Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTellurium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetThallium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetThorium232.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTitansteel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTumbaga.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium232.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium233.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 233 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetZeron100.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPLACEHOLDER_Circuit.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quark Manipulator (UV)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateAncientGranite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateBabbitAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateBakelite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateBerylliumFluoride.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateBlackTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateClay.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateConductiveIron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAbyssalAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Double Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAdvancedNitinol.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Double Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAncientGranite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Double Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArcanite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArceusAlloy2B.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Double Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAstralTitanium.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Double Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBabbitAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Double Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBakelite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBerylliumFluoride.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Double Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackMetal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Double Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBloodSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCelestialTungsten.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Double Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleChromaticGlass.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Double Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCinobiteA243.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Double Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleClay.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Double Clay Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDragonblood.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Double Dragonblood Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDysprosium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEglinSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEnergyCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Double Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleGrisium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Grisium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHG1223.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Double HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHafnium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyC276.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Double Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyN.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyW.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyX.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHypogen.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloy020.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyDS.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyMA956.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Double Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel625.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel690.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel792.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIodine.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Double Iodine Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLafiumCompound.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Double Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithium7.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithiumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Double Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel250.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Double Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel300.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Double Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel350.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Double Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Double Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNiobiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Double Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNitinol60.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNylon.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Double Nylon Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleOctiron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Octiron Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePikyonium64B.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Double Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePotin.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Double Potin Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleQuantum.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Quantum Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhenium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhodium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhugnor.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRunite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Double Runite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRuthenium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSelenium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Selenium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSeleniumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Double Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSiliconCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Double Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStaballoy.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStellite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Stellite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStrontium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Strontium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTalonite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Talonite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy60.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Double Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy61.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Double Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Double Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Double Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTeflon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Double Teflon Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTellurium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThallium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Thallium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThorium232.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Double Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Double Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTitansteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Double Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Double Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Double Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Double Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWatertightSteel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Double Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWhiteMetal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Double White Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZeron100.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Double Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Double Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Double Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Double Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDragonblood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateElectricalSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateEnergeticAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHG1223.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateLithium7.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateLithiumFluoride.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateMeatRaw.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fleshy Panel
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateNylon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nylon Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlatePhasedIron.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Phased Iron plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlatePikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlatePotin.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateRedstoneAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Alloy plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateRhugnor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateRunite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Runite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateSodium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sodium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateSoularium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Soularium plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTeflon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Teflon Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateThorium232.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateUranium232.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 232 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateUranium233.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 233 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateVibrantAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemPotionChilly.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chilly Potion
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRingZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodAbyssalAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodArcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodArceusAlloy2B.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodAstralTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodBlackMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodBloodSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodCelestialTungsten.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodChromaticGlass.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodCinobiteA243.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodEglinSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodEnergyCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodGrisium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodHafnium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyC276.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyN.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyW.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyX.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodHypogen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodIncoloy020.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyDS.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyMA956.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodInconel625.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodInconel690.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodInconel792.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodIodine.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLafiumCompound.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongAbyssalAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Long Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongArcanite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongArceusAlloy2B.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongAstralTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongBlackMetal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongBloodSteel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongCelestialTungsten.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Long Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongChromaticGlass.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongCinobiteA243.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Long Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongDysprosium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongEglinSteel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongEnergyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongGrisium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Grisium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongHafnium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyC276.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Long Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyN.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyW.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyX.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongHypogen.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloy020.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyDS.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyMA956.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Long Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel625.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel690.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel792.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongIodine.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Long Iodine Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongLafiumCompound.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel250.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel300.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel350.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongNiobiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongNitinol60.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongOctiron.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Octiron Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongPikyonium64B.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Long Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongPotin.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Long Potin Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongQuantum.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Quantum Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongRhenium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongRhodium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongRuthenium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongSelenium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Selenium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongSiliconCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongStaballoy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongStellite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Stellite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongStrontium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Strontium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTalonite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Talonite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy60.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Long Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy61.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Long Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Long Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTellurium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongThallium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Thallium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTitansteel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Long Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTumbaga.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium232.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium233.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongWatertightSteel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Long Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongWhiteMetal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Long White Metal Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongZeron100.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Long Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Long Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Long Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel250.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel300.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel350.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodNiobiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodNitinol60.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodOctiron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodPikyonium64B.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodPotin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodQuantum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodRhenium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodRhodium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodRuthenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodSelenium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodSiliconCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodStaballoy.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodStellite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodStrontium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTalonite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy60.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy61.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTantalumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodThallium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTitansteel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTumbaga.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodUranium232.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodUranium233.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodWatertightSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodWhiteMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodZeron100.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodZirconium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRodZirconiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRope.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rope
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemRotorZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Abyssal Alloy Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcanite Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arceus Alloy 2B Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Astral Titanium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Metal Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Steel Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chromatic Glass Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cinobite A243 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grisium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hafnium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-C276 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-N Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-W Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hastelloy-X Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hypogen Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-020 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-DS Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Incoloy-MA956 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-625 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-690 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Inconel-792 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lafium Compound Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 250 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 300 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maraging Steel 350 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Octiron Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pikyonium 64B Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potin Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhenium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rhodium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ruthenium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Selenium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Carbide Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Staballoy Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stellite Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Strontium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Talonite Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-60 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalloy-61 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Carbide Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thallium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Titansteel Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trinium Titanium Alloy Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tumbaga Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Titanium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zeron-100 Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemScrewZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSimpleFiremaker.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Firemaker
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Black Steel Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Black Titanium Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSmallSpringMaragingSteel250.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Small Maraging Steel 250 Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSmallSpringNichrome.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Nichrome Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSmallSpringStaballoy.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Staballoy Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSpringCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Tungsten Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSpringEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Eglin Steel Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSpringNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nitinol 60 Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSpringWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Watertight Steel Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSpringWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Metal Spring
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemStickyRubber.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gumlet of Sticky Rubber
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSugarCharcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSugarCoke.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Coke
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemSulfuricPotion.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Vial of Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelRotorBlade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT TungstenSteel Rotor Blade
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelShaft.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT TungstenSteel Shaft
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemVibrantRotorBlade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemVibrantShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemZirconiumPellet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zirconium Pellet [ZrCl?]
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemironrotor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (TungstenSteel)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemsteelrotor.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Vibrant Alloy)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.itemwoodrotor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Energetic Alloy)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.material.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.mobessence.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Essence Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.nitrobenzene.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nitrobenzene Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.particleBase.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Graviton
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.particleIon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hydrogen Ion
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.personalCloakingDevice-0.0.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Personal Cloaking Device?7
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.personalHealingDevice.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ?9Personal Healing NanoBooster?r
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.polyurethane.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Polyurethane Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.putrescine.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Putrescine Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.pyrotheum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pyrotheum Cell
fe.protection.craft.miscutils.rfEUBattery.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Universally Chargeable Battery
fe.protection.craft.naturescompass.NaturesCompass.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nature's Compass
fe.protection.craft.openglasses.openglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT AR Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT IO Bus
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.potentiaAddon.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Potentia Converter
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Folder
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Shreds
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Page
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Ink
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Color Ink
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.cooldownUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.damageUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.energyUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.movementUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT RFID Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.secureNetworkCard.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Secure Network Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Security Door
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Private Security Door
fe.protection.craft.questbook.ItemQuestBook.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Quest Book
fe.protection.craft.sleepingbag.sleepingBag.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.supersolarpanel.bluecomponent.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Spectral Component
fe.protection.craft.supersolarpanel.enderquantumcomponent.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender-Quantum Component
fe.protection.craft.supersolarpanel.greencomponent.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Green Spectral Component
fe.protection.craft.supersolarpanel.redcomponent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Spectral Component
fe.protection.craft.supersolarpanel.solarsplitter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Light Splitter
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.EuMeterGT.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT GT EU meter
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.constructable.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Multiblock Machine Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.debugContainer.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Debug EM Container
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.definitionContainer.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT EM Recipe Hint
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.definitionScanStorage.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT EM Scan Storage
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.frontRotate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Front Rotation Scrench
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.em.parametrizerMemoryCard.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Parametrizer Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.tm.itemTeslaComponent.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Tesla Windings
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.tm.teslaCoilCapacitor.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT LV Tesla Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.tm.teslaCover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tesla Coil Cover
fe.protection.craft.tectech.item.tm.teslaStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tesla Staff
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemBoltGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemBoltGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemDustGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemDustGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemDustSmallGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemDustTinyGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemGearGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemGearGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemIngotGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemIngotGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemNuggetGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemNuggetGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemPlateDoubleGermanium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Double Germanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemPlateGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemPlateGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemRingGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemRingGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemRodGermanium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemRodGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemRodLongGermanium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Long Germanium Rod
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemRotorGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemRotorGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.tectech.itemScrewGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemScrewGermanium.name
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemAspect
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Aer Fragment
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ?eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plax Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Incendium
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redlon Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Void Steel
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shears
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diffusion Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.craft.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelIngot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Aeon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dogbearium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.tinkersdefense.Heater_Shield.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.heatershield.name
fe.protection.craft.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Queen's Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.tinkersdefense.Round_Shield.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.roundshield.name
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.bigReactors.singularity.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blutonium Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.draconicEvolution.singularity.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.enderIO.singularity.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.extraPlanets.singularity.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Gem Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.extraTiC.singularity.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.extraUtilities.singularity.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.general.singularity.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.mekanism.singularity.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Glowstone Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.metallurgy.singularity.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bitumen Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.pneumaticCraft.singularity.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Iron Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.projectRed.singularity.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electrotine Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.redstoneArsenal.singularity.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Crystal Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.tinkersConstruct.singularity.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Brass Singularity
fe.protection.craft.universalsingularities.universal.vanilla.singularity.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Singularity
fe.protection.craft.witchery.arthana.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arthana
fe.protection.craft.witchery.babashat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bark Belt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.biomenote.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Beach
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biting Belt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.boline.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Boline
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brew.water.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brewbag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brew Bag
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.craft.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.craft.witchery.canesword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cane Sword
fe.protection.craft.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Witches' Brews
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Circle Talisman
fe.protection.craft.witchery.coffin.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coffin
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Hood
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Footwear
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathshand.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hand of Death
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Robe
fe.protection.craft.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Diviner
fe.protection.craft.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Water Diviner
fe.protection.craft.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.craft.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.craft.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Earmuffs
fe.protection.craft.witchery.garlic.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Goblet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.craft.witchery.handbow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.craft.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Icy Slippers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Candelabra
fe.protection.craft.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Twisting Band
fe.protection.craft.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.craft.witchery.louse.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Moon Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mutator.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mystic Branch
fe.protection.craft.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.playercompass.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Player Compass
fe.protection.craft.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.poppet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Poppet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Antidote
fe.protection.craft.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.craft.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.craft.witchery.silversword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Stone
fe.protection.craft.witchery.stew.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.stewraw.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sun Grenade
fe.protection.craft.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Taglock Kit
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchhand.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witches Hand
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchhat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Witches' Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witches Robes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.AFSU.ALC.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST AFB
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aether
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potion Flask
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Aquasalus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blank Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Offensa
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Ash
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bound Axe
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bound Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Shovel
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Life
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Orb of Testing
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crepitous
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crystallos
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Demon Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Divination Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaSecondTier.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Energy Bazooka II
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaThirdTier.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Bazooka III
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Blaster
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterSecondTier.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Energy Blaster II
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterThirdTier.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Blaster III
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Blade
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Imbued Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Incendium
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Router
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Key of Binding
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lava Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magicales
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sanctus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tenebrae
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Terrae
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sunnarium
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ArchitectureCraft.chisel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Architect's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.ArchitectureCraft.cladding.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cladding
fe.protection.exist.ArchitectureCraft.hammer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Architect's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ArchitectureCraft.largePulley.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Large Pulley
fe.protection.exist.ArchitectureCraft.sawblade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Circular Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.Australia.australia.trigger.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ?6Alkalus ROM [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thinking Cap
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oculo Anima
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.edible.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.glyph.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Conflux Disc
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ember Heart
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sliver of Air
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Akashic_Record.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Akashic Records
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Endest Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Pants
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST World Breaker
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Boots
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Planet Eater
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cluster
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Orb_Armok.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blood Orb of Armok
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Singularity
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.big_pearl.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Extremely Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Backpack.backpack.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Backpack.boundLeather.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bound Leather
fe.protection.exist.Backpack.tannedLeather.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tanned Leather
fe.protection.exist.Backpack.workbenchbackpack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Workbench Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Ring
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.containerBucket.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Missed Fluid
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.containerCan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Missed Fluid
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.containerCapsule.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Missed Fluid
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.containerCylinder.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Missed Fluid
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.containerGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Missed Fluid
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.containerRefractory.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Missed Fluid
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.fieldKit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Field Kit
fe.protection.exist.BinnieCore.genesis.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Genesis
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Staff
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Axe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biome Essence
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biome Radar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Boots
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dart
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dart Blower
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enderporter
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flippers
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Berry
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Empty Jar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Honey Jar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mud Brick
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mud Ball
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mud Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Sword
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wading Boots
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.amorphic_catalyst.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Amorphic Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_burned_string.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blood Burned String
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_cookie.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Cookie
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blood Diamond
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Diamond Axe [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_iron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_wood.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_active.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Diamond (Active)
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_bound.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Diamond
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_unactive.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Diamond (Unactive)
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone_dust.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_iron.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_wood.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_diamond.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_iron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_wood.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_stick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Stick
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Diamond Sword [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_iron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_wood.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_money.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blood Money x1
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.blood_orange.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Orange
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.bound_bow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Bow
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.bound_diamond_shard.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bound Diamond Shard
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.bound_igniter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bound Igniter
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.bound_shears.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bound Shears
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.bound_sickle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bound Sickle
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.empowered_sacrifice_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empowered Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.empowered_self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Empowered Self Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glass Boots
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glass Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glass Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glass Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_sacrificial_dagger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glass Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.glass_shard.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glass Shard
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.heart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heart
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.item_blood_cake.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Cake
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.juice_and_cookies.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Juice and Cookies
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_boots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Life Imbued Boots
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Life Imbued Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Life Imbued Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Life Imbued Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.orange_juice.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Juice
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.sacrifice_amulet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amulet of Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Amulet of Self Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_augmented_holding.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Augmented Holding
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_divinity.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Divinity
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_ender.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender Sigil
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_lightning.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lightning Sigil
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_swimming.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Swimming
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.soul_booster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Booster
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.soul_fragment.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Soul Fragment
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.soul_nullifier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soul Nullifier
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.transparent_orb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Transparent Orb
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.vampire_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Boots
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.vampire_cape.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Cape
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.vampire_greaves.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Greaves
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.vampire_ring.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Ring
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.wand_caps.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Iron Cap
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.wand_cores.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blood Infused Wooden Rod
fe.protection.exist.BloodArsenal.wolf_hide.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wolf Hide
fe.protection.exist.Botany.clay.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.Botany.database.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Botanist Database
fe.protection.exist.Botany.insulatedTube.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooper Insulated Tube
fe.protection.exist.Botany.itemFlower.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Botany.misc.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ash Powder
fe.protection.exist.Botany.pigment.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pigment
fe.protection.exist.Botany.pollen.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Botany.seed.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Botany.soilMeter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Soil Meter
fe.protection.exist.Botany.trowelDiamond.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.exist.Botany.trowelGold.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gold Trowel
fe.protection.exist.Botany.trowelIron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Trowel
fe.protection.exist.Botany.trowelStone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Trowel
fe.protection.exist.Botany.trowelWood.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Template
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST List
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Map Location
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wood Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Board
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Robot
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Docking Station
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Package
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gate Copier
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*           # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Basic Gate
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lens (Black)
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Plug
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Power Adapter
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn 
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Shard
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chaotic Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Comet
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Axe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Boots
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Bow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Helm
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Sword
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Heart
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Arrow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Key
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Item Dislocator
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mob Soul
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Solar Focus
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST TCLogo
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Binder
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.EMT.BaseBaubles.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?2The One Ring
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ChainsawStream.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chainsaw of the Stream
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ChargingFocus.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Charging
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ChristmasFocus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Kris-tmas
fe.protection.exist.EMT.DiamondChainsaw.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.EMT.Diamond_Omnitool.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Omnitool
fe.protection.exist.EMT.DrillRockbreaker.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Drill of the Rockbreaker
fe.protection.exist.EMT.EMTBaubles.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST ?2Armor Charging Ring
fe.protection.exist.EMT.EMTItems.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Native Cluster.name
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ElectricBootsTraveller.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electric Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ElectricGogglesRevealing.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ElectricHoeGrowth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ElectricScribingTools.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electric Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.EMT.EnergyBallFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Energy Ball Focus
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ExplosionFocus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Explosion
fe.protection.exist.EMT.FeatherWing.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Feather Duct-Taped Wings
fe.protection.exist.EMT.Mjolnir.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mjolnir
fe.protection.exist.EMT.NanoBootsTraveller.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nanosuit Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.exist.EMT.NanosuitGogglesRevealing.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nanosuit Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.EMT.NanosuitWing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nanosuit Wings
fe.protection.exist.EMT.Omnitool.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Omnitool
fe.protection.exist.EMT.QuantumBootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.exist.EMT.QuantumGogglesRevealing.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.EMT.QuantumWing.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Wings
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ShieldFocus.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shield
fe.protection.exist.EMT.SolarHelmetRevealing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Solar Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.EMT.SuperchargedMjolnir.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Supercharged Mjolnir
fe.protection.exist.EMT.TaintedMjolnir.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Broken Relic of Mjolnir
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ThaumiumChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ThaumiumDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Drill
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ThaumiumOmnitool.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Omnitool
fe.protection.exist.EMT.ThaumiumWing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Reinforced Wings
fe.protection.exist.EMT.WandChargingFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Wand Charging
fe.protection.exist.EMT.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Infused Quantum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dark Axe
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Boots
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dark Plate
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dark Helm
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Leggings
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Pick
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dark Shears
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST The Ender
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Broken Spawner
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Facade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Probe
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST "Enderios"
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enderface
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ME Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Machine Chassis
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electromagnet
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silicon
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coal Powder
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Energy Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soul Vial
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Experience Rod
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.exist.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.EnderZoo.confusingDust.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Confusing Powder
fe.protection.exist.EnderZoo.enderFragment.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ender Fragment
fe.protection.exist.EnderZoo.enderZooIcon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.enderZooIcon.name
fe.protection.exist.EnderZoo.guardiansBow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Guardians Bow
fe.protection.exist.EnderZoo.itemSpawnEggEnderZoo.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Enderminy
fe.protection.exist.EnderZoo.witheringDust.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Withering Dust
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.dictionary.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist Database
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cage.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Restraint Frame
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.clay.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Healing Frame
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cocoa.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.debug.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nova Frame
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.soul.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soul Frame
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.honeyComb.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Barren Comb
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.honeyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Energy Drop
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.misc.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Scented Gear
fe.protection.exist.ExtraBees.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Watery Propolis
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTrees.database.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Arborist Database
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTrees.databaseMoth.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTrees.durableHammer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTrees.food.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crabapple
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTrees.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTrees.misc.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Healing Axe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Division Sigil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Etheric Sword
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glove
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Lasso
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Heating Coil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kikoku
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST ERR
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soul fragment
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Portable Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Precision Shears
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.carbonDissolver.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Dissolver
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.carbonLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Non-electric Lantern
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.electricIncandescentLightBulb.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electric Incandescent Light Bulb
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.glowingFilament.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glowing Filament
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.lightDebugTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lightblock Debug Tool
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.mantle.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mantle
fe.protection.exist.FloodLights.rawFilament.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Filament
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrath Shard
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Riding Crop
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Collar of Pain
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hexcoal
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Rod
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ambrosia
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apatite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apatite
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ash.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ash
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Drone
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Princess
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Queen
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beverage.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Broken Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Juice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canIce.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Juice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canLava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lava Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canMead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mead Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canWater.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.carton.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carton
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Catalogue
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.crate.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crate
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBarley.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlack.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlight.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlue.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryDusk.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryMalo.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryRasp.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySky.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySting.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockHeatsand.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockTainted.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlueGlowshroom.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaGreenGlowshroom.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogBloodwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogDarkwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogEucalyptus.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogFusewood.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogGhostwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogHopseed.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogSakura.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogWillow.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaPotashApple.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaPurpleGlowshroom.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingBlood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingDarkwood.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingEucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingFusewood.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingGhostwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingHopseed.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingMaple.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingPurpleheart.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingRedwood.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSakura.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSilverbell.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingTiger.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingWillow.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Proven Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Untreated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fruits.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Proven Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Habitat Locator
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Drop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Pot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honeydew
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Imprinter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.infuser.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Infuser
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.letters.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Letter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mulch.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mulch
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectacles
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.peat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Phosphor
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pipette.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pipette
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollen.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.propolis.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Propolis
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lava Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Wax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sapling.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.scoop.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Scoop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soldering Iron
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.stamps.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Treealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wax Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wax Cast
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Pulp
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.airFan.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.airVent.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.basicItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Single Solar Module
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.battery.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketFuel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketOil.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.buggy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Buggy
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.buggymat.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.canister.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Canister
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.canvas.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Canvas
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.cheeseCurd.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cheese Curd
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.engine.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.flag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flag
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.fuelCanisterPartial.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.heavyPlating.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteBattery.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Infinite Battery
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteOxygen.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronIngot.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronRaw.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.noseCone.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.null.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oilCanisterPartial.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oilExtractor.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Portable Oil Extractor
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenConcentrator.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenGear.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenMask.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankHeavyFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankLightFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankMedFull.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.parachute.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Parachute
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.rocketFins.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Fins
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.schematic.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorGlasses.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorLens.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sensor Lens
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.spaceship.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.standardWrench.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Standard Wrench
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steelPole.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pole
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_axe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_boots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_sword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.atmosphericValve.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.bucketSludge.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLN2.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLOX.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.carbonFragments.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Desh Axe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Desh Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Desh Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Desh Hoe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Desh Leggings
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPick.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPickSlime.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSpade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Desh Shovel
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Desh Sword
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.grapple.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Grapple
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.heavyNoseCone.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.itemAstroMiner.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Astro Miner
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.itemBasicAsteroids.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.itemTier3Rocket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.methaneCanisterPartial.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.null.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.orionDrive.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Orion Drive
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.schematic.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.spaceshipTier2.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.thermalPadding.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_axe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Axe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_boots.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_sword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Sword
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.BarnardaCStrawberry.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Unknow Fruits
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedCoal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Coal
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualAluminium.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Aluminium
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualBronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Bronze
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedPlates.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Adamantite
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedSDHD120.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Alloy "SDHC-120"
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.GlowstoneDusts.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ceres Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate4.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate5.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate6.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate7.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate8.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Ingots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adamantite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ItemBioFuelCanister.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.biofuelCanisterPartial.name
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.JetPack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.LeadBattery.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lead Battery
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.MethaneBucket.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Methane Bucket
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lander Tier 1
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lander Tier 2
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander3.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lander Tier 3
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallCanister.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blank Fuel Tank
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallFuelCanister.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Small Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.QuantBow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quant Bow
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.RocketParts.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Durable Nose Cone Tier 2
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier4.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier5.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier6.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier7.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier8.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.SolarFlares.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Part Solar Flares
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Sulfur.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sulfur
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalClothT2.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalPaddingT2.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Key.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Rocket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Crystal Shard
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowWaterBucket.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_leg.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Leggins
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_plate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.lead_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lead Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.lead_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lead Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.lead_leg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead Leggins
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.lead_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.plasmaaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Axe
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.plasmahoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Hoe
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.plasmapickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.plasmashovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Shovel
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.plasmasword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Sword
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_gravityboots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmetglasses.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_jetplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_leg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Leggins
fe.protection.exist.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST SpaceSuit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.analyst.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Analyst
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.database.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gene Database
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.masterRegistry.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Master Registry
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.misc.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.registry.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Registry
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.sequence.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.serum.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Serum Vial
fe.protection.exist.Genetics.serumArray.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Serum Array
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Drill (Mark I)
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.epicLappack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Epic Lappack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST GraviTool
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.itemPlasmaCell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Cell [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Relocator
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Cannon [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vajra
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Altar Nexus
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Shard
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Auricion
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Biome Compass
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blank Gem
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Power
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Charm Pouch
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Curse Amulet
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dry Splinter
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST End Powder
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Head
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Endium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ectoplasm
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Wand
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Essence
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Infernium
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Igneous Rock
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Instability Orb
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Note
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Living Matter
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Instability
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Purity
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rune of Power
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Tear
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stardust
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Temple Caller
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Transference Gem
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Steel)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Composite Vest
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST BatPack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Backpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energypack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bio Chaff
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCable.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hydration Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Credit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Containment Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Debug Item
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Door
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Sprayer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plantball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grin Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Resin
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hops
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lathing Tool
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Zero
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cold Coffee
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mug
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nano Saber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST CF Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coal Chunk
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coil
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rubber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST OD Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST OV Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scrap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Shard
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slag
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Static Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steam Turbine
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terra Wart
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Forge Hammer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST EU-Reader
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mining Laser
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electric Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tool Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Electric Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 235
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 238
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weed
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Weed-EX
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Memory
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.obscurator.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obscurator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.windmeter.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Windmeter
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemInventoryScannerCard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Tracking Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Text Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Time Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Range Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanillaMachineCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Machine Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanilliaKit.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Steel Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Storage upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sticker
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.beeNugget.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.capsule.magic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Magic Capsule
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.capsule.void.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Empty Void Capsule
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.comb.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Comb
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.drop.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameGentle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gentle Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameMagic.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Magic Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameMetabolic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameNecrotic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameOblivion.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameResilient.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Resilient Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.frameTemporal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Temporal Frame
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.item.thaumiumGrafter.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Grafter
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.item.thaumiumScoop.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Scoop
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.jellyBabies.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.magnet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.miscResources.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lore Fragment
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.moonDial.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.pollen.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.exist.MagicBees.wax.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magic Wax
fe.protection.exist.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.exist.Natura.Natura.netherfood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potash Apple
fe.protection.exist.Natura.barley.seed.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Natura.barleyBag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.Natura.barleyFood.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.Natura.berry.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry
fe.protection.exist.Natura.berry.nether.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blightberry
fe.protection.exist.Natura.berryMedley.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Berry Medley
fe.protection.exist.Natura.boneBag.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bonemeal Bag
fe.protection.exist.Natura.carrotBag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Bag
fe.protection.exist.Natura.cottonBag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.Natura.impmeat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Imphide
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.armor.impboots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Boots
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.armor.imphelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.armor.impjerkin.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.armor.impleggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.axe.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.axe.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.axe.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.axe.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.axe.netherquartz.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.bow.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.bow.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.bow.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.bow.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.emptybowl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.flintandblaze.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.kama.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.kama.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.kama.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.kama.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.kama.netherquartz.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Kama
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.pickaxe.bloodwood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.pickaxe.darkwood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.pickaxe.fusewood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.pickaxe.ghostwood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.pickaxe.netherquartz.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.shovel.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.shovel.darkwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.shovel.fusewood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.shovel.ghostwood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.shovel.netherquartz.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.spawnegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Imp
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.stewbowl.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.stick.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.sword.bloodwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.sword.darkwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.sword.fusewood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.sword.ghostwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.Natura.natura.sword.netherquartz.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.Natura.potatoBag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Potato Bag
fe.protection.exist.Natura.redwoodDoorItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Redwood Door
fe.protection.exist.Natura.saguaro.fruit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.exist.Natura.wartBag.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart Bag
fe.protection.exist.Natura.waterdrop.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Juice
fe.protection.exist.Natura.wheatBag.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.NodalMechanics.item.nodalmechanics.matrix.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Unattuned Node Matrix
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cartographer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crane Backpack
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crane Control
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cursor
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST /dev/null
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Epic Eraser
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST XP Bucket
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pointer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden eye
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hang Glider
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Height Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Luggage
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pedometer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Badass Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slimalyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sponge
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Squeegee
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stencil
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tasty Clay
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST EEPROM
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hover Boots
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.item.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scrench
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Data Card
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Draw Plate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Circuit Plate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Recipe Plan
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Athame
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                         # (default: true) EXIST White Backpack
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                         # (default: true) EXIST White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*                # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wool Gin
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                      # (default: true) EXIST IC Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                           # (default: true) EXIST IC Chip
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                       # (default: true) EXIST White Fallout Light
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                      # (default: true) EXIST White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                        # (default: true) EXIST White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*                   # (default: true) EXIST White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                        # (default: true) EXIST White Lantern
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                    # (default: true) EXIST White Illumar Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST OR Gate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Router Utility
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*                # (default: true) EXIST Item Responder chip
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.controlPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Control Panel
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.emptySprayCan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Empty Spray Can
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.miniatureButton.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Miniature White Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.miniatureCover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.gcewing_projectblue:miniatureCover
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.miniatureLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Miniature White Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.miniatureLever.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Miniature White Lever
fe.protection.exist.ProjectBlue.sprayCan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST White Spray Paint
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.blank_plate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blank Plate
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.chip.location.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Location Chip
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.chip.transfer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Item Transfer Chip
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.chip.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Remote Camouflage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.io_tool.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST IO Tool
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.linker.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Linker
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.pda.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST PDA
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.remoteAccessor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Remote Accessor
fe.protection.exist.RIO.item.wireless_transmitter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Batbox Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST CESU Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST MFE Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Can
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Cell
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bleached Clay
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Meter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.notepad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Label
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Drop Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Block Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Poison
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Player Core
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Boots
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Stone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.ic2Capacitor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ridiculously Large Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.naquadah.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.naquadahIngot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.sgChevronUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.sgControllerCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.sgCoreCrystal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.sgIrisBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.exist.SGCraft.sgIrisUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Food Journal
fe.protection.exist.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lunch Bag
fe.protection.exist.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lunch Box
fe.protection.exist.StevesAddons.duplicator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Manager Duplicator
fe.protection.exist.StevesAddons.labeler.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Factory Labeler
fe.protection.exist.StevesCarts.CartModule.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coal Engine
fe.protection.exist.StevesCarts.ModularCart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Modular cart
fe.protection.exist.StevesCarts.ModuleComponents.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Personal Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Concealment Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Packing Tape
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Drawer Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Template
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Void Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Battleaxe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Battlesign
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.binding.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Binding
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Pattern
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Boots
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bowstring
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutlass
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dagger
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Excavator
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Feather Fletching
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Frying Pan
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pan
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gear Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Canister
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Knapsack
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Longsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lumber Axe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.materials.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Paper Stack
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mattock
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ingot Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Potion Launcher
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scythe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartArrowHead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Arrow Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartAxeHead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBinding.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Tool Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBowLimb.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Bow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChiselHead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Chisel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChunk.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Shard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbar.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Crossbar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowBody.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Crossbow Body (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowLimb.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Crossbow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartExcavatorHead.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Excavator Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFrypanHead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Pan (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFullGuard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Full Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartHammerHead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Hammer Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartKnifeBlade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Knife Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeGuard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Wide Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargePlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Large Plate (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeSwordBlade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Large Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLumberHead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Broad Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartMediumGuard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Hand Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartPickaxeHead.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Pickaxe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartScytheHead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Scythe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShovelHead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Shovel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShuriken.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Shuriken (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSignHead.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Sign Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSwordBlade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToolRod.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughBind.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Tough Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughRod.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Tough Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.TGregworks.tgregworks.shardcast.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shard Cast
fe.protection.exist.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Length of Wire
fe.protection.exist.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spool of Wire
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magic Funguar
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Node in a Jar
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Focus Pouch
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vis Stone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Door
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Axe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Taint
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bow of Bone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Phial
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemFakeLootbag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Common Treasure
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Straw Golem
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Common Treasure
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mana Bean
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beef Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fish Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pork Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Primal Crusher
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Research Notes
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Alumentum
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Protection
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sanity Checker
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Shard
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Blade
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Sword
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumometer
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Air Arrow
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Cap
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amber Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Aer
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Taintberry
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.Golemancy_Bell_TH.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Golemancer's Bell_TH
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cow
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.vat.name
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incubated Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Animated Golem
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Injector
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lens Case
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Illumine Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Echo Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Node Opener
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Planar Conduit
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Suicide Injection
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Syringe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Warded Syringe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Injection
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Putty
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicMachina.nodeAugmentation.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Node Augmentation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicMachina.wandAugmentationCore.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wand Augmentation Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicMachina.wandCore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.wandCore.celestial.name
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Feline Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Transvector Binder
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Imbued Grain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Aer
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Infused Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ichor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Aspect
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Protoclay
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Mould
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.exist.ToxicEverglades.everglades.trigger.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST ?6Alkalus Disk [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.exist.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.exist.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cloak
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Fur
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Hood
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Borer Essence
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Carminite
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Block and Chain
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life I
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life II
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crumble Horn
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Experiment 115
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Blood
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Legs
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Tears
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glass Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hydra Chop
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bomb
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ice Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Liveroot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magic Beans
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map #0
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map #0
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Maze Wafer
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mazebreaker
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meef
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Meef Steak
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ore Magnet
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Seeker Bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raven's Feather
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Torchberries
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tower Key
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Transformation Powder
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tri-bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Venison Steak
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Private Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Remote
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST REP
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST REther Pearl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bowl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.amulet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purification Talisman
fe.protection.exist.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.cleanser.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pure Tear
fe.protection.exist.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.paper.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Litmus Paper
fe.protection.exist.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.something.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hunk of Something
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedScribingTools.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Illuminated Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cloak
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Native Uraninite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Inert Gem
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Kama
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sweetwart
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Yarn
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Greataxe
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Boots
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Helm
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Greaves
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Claymore
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.exist.Ztones.minicharcoal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mini Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.Ztones.minicoal.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mini Coal
fe.protection.exist.Ztones.ofanix.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ofanix
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.adventureBackpack.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Adventure Backpack
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.adventureHat.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Fedora
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.adventurePants.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Pants
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.adventureSuit.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Suit
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.backpackComponent.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.adventurebackpack:backpackComponent
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.backpackHose.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hose: Useless / No Backpack
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.clockworkCrossbow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clockwork Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.coalJetpack.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coal Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.copterPack.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Copter Pack
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.machete.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Machete
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.melonJuiceBottle.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Melon Juice Bottle
fe.protection.exist.adventurebackpack.pistonBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Piston Boots
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnet Card
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) EXIST 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) EXIST 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) EXIST 2? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST View Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biometric Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charged Staff
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cannon
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Network Tool
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Portable Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BWPumpParts.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Elongated Glass Tube
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BW_CombinedRotor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Combined Primitive Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BW_LeatherRotor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Primitive Leather Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BW_PaperRotor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primitive Paper Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BW_SimpleWindMeter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Simple Wind Meter
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BW_WoolRotor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Primitive Wool Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BioLabModules.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST DNA Extraction Module
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.BioLabParts.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sterilized Petri Dish
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.bw.THTRMaterials.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST BISO pebble compund
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.craftingParts.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Grindstone Top Piece
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.GT2Destructopack.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST gt.GT2Destructopack.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.Tiberiumcell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST gt.Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.TiberiumcellDep.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.*                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.*                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.*                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.0.name
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_HV.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rockcutter HV
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_LV.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rockcutter LV
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_MV.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rockcutter MV
fe.protection.exist.bartworks.tabIconGT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.chain.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chain
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.dagger.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.dagger.gold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Dagger
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.dagger.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dagger
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.dagger.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Dagger
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.dagger.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.heraldric.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heraldic Icon
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.knights_armour.boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knight's Boots
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.knights_armour.helmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knight's Helmet
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.knights_armour.legs.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Knight's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.knights_armour.plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knight's Plate
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.mace.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Mace
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.mace.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Mace
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.mace.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Mace
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.mace.stone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mace
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.mace.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Mace
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.mb.arrow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.quiver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Quiver
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.shield.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shield
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.shield.gold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shield
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.shield.hide.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hide Shield
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.shield.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shield
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.shield.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shield
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.spear.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Spear
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.spear.gold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Spear
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.spear.iron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Spear
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.spear.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Spear
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.spear.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Spear
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.waraxe.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Waraxe
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.waraxe.gold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Waraxe
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.waraxe.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Waraxe
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.waraxe.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Waraxe
fe.protection.exist.battlegear2.waraxe.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Waraxe
fe.protection.exist.berriespp.BppPotions.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Fermented Wheat
fe.protection.exist.berriespp.Modifier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Space Flower
fe.protection.exist.berriespp.foodBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Huckleberry
fe.protection.exist.berriespp.foodGoldfish.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Goldfish
fe.protection.exist.berriespp.itemLens.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plant Lens
fe.protection.exist.berriespp.itemSpade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spade
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterquesting.extra_life.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Extra Life
fe.protection.exist.betterquesting.guide_book.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Better Questing Starter Guide
fe.protection.exist.betterquesting.placeholder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Item Placeholder
fe.protection.exist.bq_standard.loot_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Loot Chest
fe.protection.exist.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blowtorch ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.exist.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Light Rope ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.exist.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel grate ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blowtorch
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Caution Tape
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rope Light
fe.protection.exist.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Grate
fe.protection.exist.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.exist.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Smashing Rock
fe.protection.exist.chisel.upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumBlade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.exist.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumRotor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.dockingUpgrade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Drone Docking Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.droneStation.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Drone Docking Station
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.gt_parts.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chromium Dioxide Tape Reel
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.ocParts.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.ocSpecialParts.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tape Track
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.partsForestry.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Caustic Comb
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.portableTapeDrive.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.exist.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cassette Tape
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.GTNHBioItems.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Collagen
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Concrete
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid_bucket.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Nitric Acid
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Pollution
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium_bucket.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Sodium Potassium (NaK)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilter.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Adsorption filter
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterCasing.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Adsorption filter casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterDirty.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty adsorption filter
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedBoard.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Empty Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrickDust.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedProcessorBoard.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumBars.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumIronPlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumItemCasing.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AluminoSilicateWool.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Alumino Silicate Wool
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AlumiteDust.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Alumite Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ApprenticeOrb.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Apprentice Orb
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ArcaneSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Slate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ArchmageOrb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Archmage Orb
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ArditePlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.AsteroidsStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Asteroid Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaEStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barnarda E Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaFStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barnarda F Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumIronPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BioBall.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bio Ball
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BioCarbonPlate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bio Carbon Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BioChunk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bio Chunk
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BioOrganicMesh.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bio Organic Mesh
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumCompressedPlate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDensePlate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dense Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDust.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BlankPlatedChip.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blank Plated Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Blaster.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Blaster
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BloodVial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Vial
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BowFletchingCast.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bow Fletching Cast
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.BowStringCast.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bow String Cast
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceColdIngot.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Callisto Cold Ice Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceCompressedPlate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Callisto Ice Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDensePlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Callisto Ice Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceIngot.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Callisto Ice Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIcePlate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CallistoStoneDust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Callisto Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmetNightVision.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Parts "Helmet Night Vision"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteChip.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Carminite Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteFragment.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Carminite Fragment
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CentauriAStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Centauri A Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CentauriASurfaceDust.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centauri A Surface Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CeresStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ceres Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzDust.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzPlate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzRod.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedMechanistWandCap.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Charged Mechanist Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSilverWandCap.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Charged Silver Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSojournerWandCap.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Charged Sojourner Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedThaumiumWandCap.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Charged Thaumium  Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChargedVoidWandCap.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Charged Void  Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChromeBars.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chrome Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChromeIronPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ChromeItemCasing.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chrome Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CobbleStoneRod.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventure.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Explorer 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureI.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Explorer 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureII.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Explorer 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Explorer 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIV.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Explorer 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBees.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Beekeeper 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesI.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Beekeeper 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesII.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Beekeeper 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Beekeeper 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIV.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Beekeeper 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlank.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blank 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankI.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blank 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blank 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blank 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIV.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blank 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Vampire 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodI.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Vampire 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Vampire 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Vampire 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIV.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Vampire 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemist.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Chemist 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistI.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Chemist 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistII.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Chemist 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIII.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Chemist 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIV.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Chemist 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierI.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chunkloader Coin Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierII.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chunkloader Coin Tier II
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIII.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chunkloader Coin Tier III
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIV.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chunkloader Coin Tier IV
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierV.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chunkloader Coin Tier V
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinCook.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Cook 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookI.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Cook 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookII.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Cook 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Cook 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIV.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Cook 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Dark Wizard 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardI.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Dark Wizard 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Dark Wizard 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIII.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Dark Wizard 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIV.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Dark Wizard 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Farmer 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerI.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Farmer 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Farmer 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIII.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Farmer 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIV.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Farmer 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestry.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Forest Ranger 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryI.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Forest Ranger 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryII.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Forest Ranger 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIII.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Forest Ranger 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIV.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Forest Ranger 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmith.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blacksmith 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithI.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blacksmith 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blacksmith 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blacksmith 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIV.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Blacksmith 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Space Invaders 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceI.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Space Invaders 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Space Invaders 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Space Invaders 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIV.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Space Invaders 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Survivor 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorI.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Survivor 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorII.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Survivor 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIII.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Survivor 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIV.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Survivor 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnician.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Technician 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianI.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Technician 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Technician 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIII.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Technician 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIV.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coin "The Technician 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Spirit 1"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchI.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Spirit 10"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchII.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Spirit 100"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Spirit 1000"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIV.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coin "Spirit 10K"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrickDust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CompressedBioBall.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Bio Ball
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ConductiveIronBars.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CopperDualCompressedPlates.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Copper Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CopperWandCap.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.CrimsonStainedClothCap.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crimson-Stained Cloth Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.DeimosStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Deimos Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.DeshDualCompressedPlates.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Desh Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.DiamondCoreChip.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Item Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.DiamondDrillTip.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drill Tip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.DiamondFluidCoreChip.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Display.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Display
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.DraconiumEgg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Draconium Egg
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EMT.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electro Magic Tool
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EdibleSalt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Edible Salt
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ElectricBoatHull.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Electric Boat Hull
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ElectricalSteelBars.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ElectrotineWire.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Electrotine Wire
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedCoreChip.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Item Circuit Tier III
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedFluidCoreChip.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldHighAdvancedCoreChip.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Item Circuit Tier IV
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Empty1080SpCell.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST 1080K Space Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Empty180SpCell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST 180K Space Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Empty360SpCell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST 360K Space Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Empty540SpCell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST 540K Space Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusIceDust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enceladus Ice Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Enceladus Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnchantedClothCap.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Cloth Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnderEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Egg
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBars.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enderium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBaseBars.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enderium Base Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnergeticAlloyBars.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineCore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Engine Core
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorEssentiaPulsatingCore.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Processor Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidDiamondCore.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Processor Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidEmeraldCore.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Processor Tier II
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemAdvEmeraldCore.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Item Processor Tier IV
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemDiamondCore.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Item Processor Tier II
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemEmeraldCore.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Item Processor Tier III
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorSpatialPulsatingCore.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Spatial Processor Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngravedDiamondCrystalChip.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Engraved Diamond Crystal Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngravedEnergyChip.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Engraved Energy Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngravedGoldChip.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Engraved Gold Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngravedManyullynCrystalChip.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Engraved Manyullyn Crystal Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EngravedQuantumChip.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Engraved Quantum Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaNeutroniumSunnariumAlloy.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Naquadria Neutronium Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaSunnariumAlloy.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Naquadria Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedXSunnariumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enriched X Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EnvironmentalCircuit.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Environmental Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EssentiaCircuit.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EtchedInsaneVoltageWiring.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Etched Insane Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLowVoltageWiring.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Etched Low Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLudicrousVoltageWiring.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Etched Ludicrous Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EuropaIceDust.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Europa Ice Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.EuropaStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Europa Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ExtraLargeFuelCanister.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Extra Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ExtruderShapeBoat.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Extruder Shape (Boat)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.FieryBloodDrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Blood Drop
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.GanymedStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ganymed Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.GeneticCircuit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.GlowingMarshmallow.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glowing Marshmallow
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.GoldCoreChip.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Item Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.GoldWandCap.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gold Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HaumeaStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Haumea Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT4.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T4
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT5.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T5
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT6.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T6
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT7.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T7
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT8.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T8
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT9.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T9
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier3.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 3
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier4.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 4
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier4.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate Tier 4
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier5.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate Tier 5
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier6.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate Tier 6
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier7.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate Tier 7
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier8.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Plate Tier 8
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier3.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 3
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier4.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 4
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier3.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 3
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier4.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 4
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyCircuitParts.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST High Energy Circuit Parts
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyFlowCircuit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST High Energy Flow Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.HotNetherrackBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hot Netherrack Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IceCompressedPlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Ice Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IceDualCompressedPlates.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Ice Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IchoriumCap.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IndustryFrame.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Industry Bee Frame
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.InfernalBrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Infernal Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IoStoneDust.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Io Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IridiumAlloyItemCasing.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Alloy Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IridiumBars.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IridiumItemCasing.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IronDualCompressedPlates.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Iron Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IronWandCap.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedAluminiumPlate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedBedrockiumPlate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedChromePlate.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Chrome Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNaquadriaPlate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Naquadria Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNeutroniumPlate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Neutronium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTitaniumPlate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Titanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenPlate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenSteelPlate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LapotronDust.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LargeFuelCanister.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LaserEmitter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Laser Emitter
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LeadNickelPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Lead-Nickel Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LeadOriharukonPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Lead-Oriharukon Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LedoxColdIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cold Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LedoxCompressedPlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Ledox Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDensePlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dense Ledox Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ledox Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LedoxIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LedoxPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ledox Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LichBone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lich Bone
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneChip.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lich Bone Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneFragment.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lich Bone Fragment
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LightAxeHead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Light Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LightBinding.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Light Binding
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LightPickaxeHead.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LightShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Light Shaft
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LightSwordBlade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Light Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LogicProcessorItemGoldCore.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Item Processor Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LongObsidianRod.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.LongStoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MaceratedPlantmass.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plant mass
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MagicianOrb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Magician Orb
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MakeMakeStoneDust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST MakeMake Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MalformedSlush.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Malformed Slush
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynPlate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MarsStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mars Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Marshmallow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Semi-stable Marshmallow
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowForm.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mold (Marshmallow)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowFormMold.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Marshmallow Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MasterOrb.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Master Orb
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MedalBuilder.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Medal - Excellent Builder
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MedalDerp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Medal - Darwin award
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MedalEngineer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Medal - Engineer Supreme
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MedalGTExplosion.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Medal - Official GT Player
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MedalWarp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Medal - Nanananananananana... WarpMan!
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MediumFuelCanister.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Medium Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MercuryCoreDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Core Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MercuryStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronDualCompressedPlates.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Meteoric Iron Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronString.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron String
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedPulp.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mica Based Pulp
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedSheet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mica Based Sheet
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorFoil.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mica Insulator Foil
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorSheet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mica Insulator Sheet
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MirandaStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Miranda Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mold (Boots)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mold (Chestplate)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Anvil Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormArrowHead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Arrow Head Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBaguette.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Baguette Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBall.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Ball Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Block Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBolt.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form(Bolt Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mold Form Boots
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBottle.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Bottle Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBread.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Bread Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBuns.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Buns Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCasing.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Casing Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mold Form Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCoinage.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Coinage Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCylinder.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Cylinder Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormGear.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Gear Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mold Form Helmet
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormIngot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Ingot Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mold Form Leggings
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormName.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Name Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormNuggets.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Nuggets Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeHuge.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Huge Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeLarge.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Large Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeMedium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Normal Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeSmall.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Small Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeTiny.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPlate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Plate Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRing.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Ring Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRotor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Rotor Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRound.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form(Round Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormScrew.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form(Screw Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormSmallGear.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Small Gear Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form(Stick Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStickLong.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form(Long Stick Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormTurbineBlade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Turbine Blade Mold)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mold (Helmet)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoldLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mold (Leggings)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MoonStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Moon Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MushroomPowder.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MutatedEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mutated Egg
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalColdIngot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cold Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalCompressedPlate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDensePlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dense Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDualCompressedPlates.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Mysterious Crystal Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDust.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemExquisite.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Exquisite Probable Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemFlawless.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Unknown Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalIngot.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalLens.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Quite Certain Crystal Lens
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalPlate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCompressedPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDensePlate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dense Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDualCompressedPlates.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Mytryl Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDust.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mytryl Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylHotIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hot Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylIngot.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.MytrylPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleChip.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleFragment.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Fragment
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoBoard.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Empty Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoChestJetPack.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nano Chest Jet Pack
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nano Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nano Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoPlatedLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nano Plated Leggings
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoProcessorBoard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoRubberBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nano Rubber Boots
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NanoScubaHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nano Scuba Helme
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NaquadriaIronPlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NetherStarFragment.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star Fragment
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorParts.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorSmallParts.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Small Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumBars.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumIronPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumItemCasing.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Nothing.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST You got nothing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.OberonStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Oberon Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumBars.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumItemCasing.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.OvenGlove.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.OvenGlove.name
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PhobosStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Phobos Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PicoWafer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pico Wafer
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PikoCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Piko Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PistonPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Piston Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PlutoIceDust.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pluto Ice Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PlutoStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pluto Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PotassiumHydroxideDust.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Potassium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PrimordialPearlFragment.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inert Pearl Fragment
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ProteusStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Proteus Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingIronBars.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Iron Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingSpatialCoreChip.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spatial Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumCompressedPlate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Quantium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDensePlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dense Quantium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDualCompressedPlates.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Quantium Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDust.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Quantium Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumHotIngot.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hot Quantium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumPlate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quantium Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumRod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Quantium Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumBoard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCircuit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Circuit
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartBoots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmetEmpty.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Parts "Helmet Empty"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.QuantumProcessorBoard.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawBioFiber.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Bio Fiber
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawLapotronCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawMytryl.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawNeutronium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Orb Tier I
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Orb Tier II
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Orb Tier III
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Orb Tier IV
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Orb Tier V
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Orb Tier VI
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawPicoWafer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Pico Wafer
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RawSDHCAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw "SDHC-120" Alloy
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.RedstoneAlloyBars.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Alloy Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedAluminiumIronPlate.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedBedrockiumIronPlate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedChromeIronPlate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassLense.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Glass Lens
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassPlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Glass Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedIridiumDrillTip.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iridium Drill Tip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNaquadriaIronPlate.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNeutroniumIronPlate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTitaniumIronPlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenIronPlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenSteelIronPlate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SandDust.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Sand
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SandStoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeArdite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeManyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladePeridot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeRuby.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeSapphire.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeStone.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsAstroMiner.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Astro Miner Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsCargoRocket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Cargo Rocket Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsMoonBuggy.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Moon Buggy Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier1.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 1 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier2.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 2 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier3.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 3 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier4.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 4 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier5.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 5 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier6.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 6 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier7.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 7 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier8.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Schematics Rocket Tier 8 Chip
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShadowImbuedClothCap.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shadow-Imbued Cloth Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShadowmetalCap.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeAxeHead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Axe Head Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Block Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBoat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Boat Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBolt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Bolt Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Bottle Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCasing.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Casing Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Cell Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeFileHead.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (File Head Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeGear.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Gear Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHammerHead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Hammer Head Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHoeHead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Hoe Head Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHugePipe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Huge Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Ingot Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeLargePipe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Large Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeNormalPipe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Normal pipe Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapePickaxeHead.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Pickaxe Head Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Plate Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRing.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Ring Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Rod Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRotor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Rotor Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSawBlade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Saw Blade Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeShovelHead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Shovel head Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallGear.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Small Gear Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallPipe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Small Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSwordBlade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Sword Blade Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTinyPipe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTurbineBlade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Turbine Blade Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ShapeWire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Casting Form (Wire Shape)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SilverThread.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.SilverThread.name
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SilveredFleece.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Silvered Fleece
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SimpleCircuitBoard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Simple Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SixtyKCell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST 60K Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBlood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Snow Queen Blood
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBloodDrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Snow Queen Blood Drop
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SoulariumBars.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Soularium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelBars.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST StainlessSteel Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelItemCasing.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stainless Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StargateChevron.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Chevron
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StargateCrystalDust.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stargate-Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StargateFramePart.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Frame Part
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StargateShieldingFoil.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stargate-Radiation-Containment-Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SteelBars.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.SteelDualCompressedPlates.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Steel Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.StonePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TCetiESeaweedExtract.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST TCetiE-Seaweed Extract
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TCetiEStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tceti E Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TeleposerFrame.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Teleposer Frame
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TenKCell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 10K Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TheBigEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST The Big Egg
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.ThirtyKCell.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST 30K Cell
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Tier2Booster.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Booster
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Tier3Booster.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Booster
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.Tier4Booster.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Booster
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TinDualCompressedPlates.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Tin Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TitanStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Titan Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumBars.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumDualCompressedPlates.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Dual Titanium Plates
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumIronPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumItemCasing.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TranscendentOrb.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Transcendent Orb
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TritonStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Triton Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenBars.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenIronPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenItemCasing.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelBars.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST TungstenSteel Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelIronPlate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelItemCasing.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TungstenString.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten String
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.TwilightCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quick and Dirty Portal Generator
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.UncookedSlush.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Uncooked Slush
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredClayBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Clay Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredCokeOvenBrick.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSearedBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Seared Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSlimeSoulBrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Slime Soul Brick
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VegaBStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vega B Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VenusStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Venus Stone Dust
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VibrantAlloyBars.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy Bars
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VinteumThread.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.VinteumThread.name
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VoidEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Essence
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VoidFoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Foil
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VoidPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Plate
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VoidRing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Ring
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VoidRod.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Rod
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.VoidSeed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Seed
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WaferTier3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wafer Tier 3
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapAlchemical.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Alchemical Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapBloodIron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blood Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapElementium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapManaSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapTerraSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapThauminite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WandCapVinteum.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vinteum Cap
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WeakOrb.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Weak Orb
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WetTofu.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wet Tofu
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WirelessTransmitter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WitherProtectionRing.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wither protection Ring
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WoodenBrickForm.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Form (Brick)
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.item.WoodenCasing.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Casing
fe.protection.exist.dreamcraft.itemQuantumToast.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.QuantumBread.name
fe.protection.exist.enhancedlootbags.lootbag.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST LootBag (Default)
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.blank_portal_module.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blank Portal Module
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.blank_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.glasses.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Glasses
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.location_card.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Location Card
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.manual.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ENHANCED PORTALS: wormhole tunneling
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.nanobrush.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nanobrush
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.portal_module.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Particle Destroyer
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Interface Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.enhancedportals.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.eternalsingularity.combined_singularity.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nitronic Singularity
fe.protection.exist.eternalsingularity.eternal_singularity.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Singularity
fe.protection.exist.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST null
fe.protection.exist.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.extracells.part.base.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.component.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemArcanePackage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Package
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemAuraCore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Aura Core
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemCreativeNode.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Aura Node
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemElement.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Element of Darkness
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemEtherealFamiliar.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Familiar
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemExtendedNodeJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Node in a Jar
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemPlacer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemShield.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemFakeModIcon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemFamiliar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Familiar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemGolemCoreBreak.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.ItemTransformationFocus.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST [WIP] Wand Focus: Transformation
fe.protection.exist.gadomancy.itemSilverwoodGolemPlacer.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silverwood Golem
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Production Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Climate Control Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Template
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Import Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.Labware.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Labware
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Power Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Protein Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Protein Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.Waste.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Waste
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCellDep.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_Naquadahcell.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.MNqCell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.MNqCell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.MNqCellDep.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Naquadahcell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST gt.Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.NaquadahcellDep.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST gt.NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Volumetric_Flask.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.Volumetric_Flask.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lignite Comb
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.detrav.metatool.01.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.detrav.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.drop.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Oil Drop
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.99.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.99.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.pollen.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Matrix Pollen
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.propolis.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zoko Propolis
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Almond
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Almond Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Apple Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apricot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Avocado
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Baked Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Baked Turnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bakeware
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Baklava
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Banana
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Banana Split
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Bass
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Batter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Battered Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bean Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Beans and Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Beans on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Beef Wellington
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Beet Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Beet Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beet Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beet Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST BLT
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Boiled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Braised Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brownie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bubbly Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Buttered Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST California Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Candied Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Candied Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Caramel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Apple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cashew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Catfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Celery Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Celery Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chai Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Charr
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cheesecake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chiko Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chili Poppers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chorizo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Citrus Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cola Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cornbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cornflakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cornmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Corn Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cottage Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cracker
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cream Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Croissant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Curry Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Curry Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Custard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cutting Board
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Damper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Date
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Delighted Meal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dim Sum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dough
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dragonfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Durian
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Edible Root
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Eel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Egg Nog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Egg Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Energy Drink
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Epic Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Espresso
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fig
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fig Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fig Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Firm Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fish and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fish Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sticks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fish Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flour
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Footlong
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST French Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fried Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fried Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fried Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fried Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Frog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Frosted Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Punch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Futo Maki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Garam Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Garden Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gherkin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Ale
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grain Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Grape
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grape Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grape Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grape Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grape Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grape Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gravy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Grouper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bee Grub
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Guacamole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gummy Bears
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Herring
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Holiday Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Honey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hotdog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hot Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Jaffa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jam Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jellybeans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jelly Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Juicer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ketchup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Keylime Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kimchi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lamington
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Leek
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leek Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lemonade
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lime
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mango
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mango Chutney
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mango Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Manjuu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Maple Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Marshmellows
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Marzipan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mayo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST McPam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Meat Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Melon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mince Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mixed Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mochi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Museli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Naan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nachoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nutella
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Oats
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oats Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Okra Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Okra Creole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Okra Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Olive
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooking Oil
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Omelet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Onion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Onion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Onion Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Orange
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Orange Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Orange Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Paneer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Papaya
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pasta
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pavlova
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST PB&J
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peach Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Peanut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pear Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peas and Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Peas Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pecan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pecan Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peppercorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peppermint
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pepperoni
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Perch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pickles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pinacolada
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plum Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Poached Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Popcorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pork Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Potato Cakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Potato Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Potato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pot Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Powdered Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pralines
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Queen Bee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Radish Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raisins
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Random Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Refried Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Roast Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Root Beer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rye Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Salad Dressing
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Salmon Patties
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Saucepan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sausage Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scallion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Seed Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Ball
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silken Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Skillet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snapper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Snickers Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soybean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Soybean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soy Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soy Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spagetti
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spice Bun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Greens
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spring Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steak and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stock
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Suadero
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sunday Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sushi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Taffy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tea Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tea Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tim Tam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tortilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Trail Mix
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Trout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tuna Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tuna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Turnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Strips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vindaloo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vinegar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Walleye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Walnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Waxcomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Woven Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zeppole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.Quartz_Axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.Quartz_Hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.Quartz_Pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.Quartz_Shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.Quartz_Sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.bloodleafItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blood Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.bloodleafseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blood Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.fleshrootItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Flesh Root
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.fleshrootseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flesh Root Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.glowflowerseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Glow Flower Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.ignisfruitItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.marrowberryItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Marrow Berry
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.marrowberryseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Marrow Berry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.netherbedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Bed
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.quartzbootsItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Boots
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.quartzchestItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Chest
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.quartzhelmItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Helm
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.quartzingotItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Ingot
fe.protection.exist.harvestthenether.quartzleggingsItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ifu.ifu_buildingKit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ore Finder Wand
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_copper.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Copper Chest
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_crystal.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Crystal Chest
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_diamond.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Diamond Chest
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_dirtchest9000.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with DirtChest9000
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_gold.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Gold Chest
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_iron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Iron Chest
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Obsidian Chest
fe.protection.exist.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_silver.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Silver Chest
fe.protection.exist.irontank.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.glassCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.glassIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.silverDiamondUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontank.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.kekztech.kekztech_crafting_item.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Heat Pipe
fe.protection.exist.kekztech.kekztech_error_item.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST KekzTech Error Coin
fe.protection.exist.kekztech.kekztech_reactor_item.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Weak Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brown Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gray Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Green Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lime Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Orange Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pink Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Purple Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST SilverCurtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST White Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Custom Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Factory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jail Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Laboratory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rusty Handle
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Saloon Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Shoji Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.2Ethylanthrahydroquinone.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST 2-Ethylanthrahydroquinone Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.2Ethylanthraquinone.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST 2-Ethylanthraquinone Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.AAA_Broken.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Errors - Tell Alkalus Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Ammonium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ammonium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.AmmoniumBifluoride.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ammonium Bifluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.AmmoniumNitrateSlurry.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ammonium Nitrate Slurry Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.AmmoniumTetrafluoroberyllate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ammonium Tetrafluoroberyllate Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Anthracene.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Anthracene Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.BerylliumHydroxide.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Bromine.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bromine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.CoalGas.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coal Gas Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.CoalTar.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coal Tar Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.CoalTarOil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Ethylbenzene.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethylbenzene Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.FertileManureSlurry.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Fertile Slurry
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Fertiliser.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Formaldehyde.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Formaldehyde Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.01.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [LV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.02.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [MV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.03.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [HV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.04.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [EV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.05.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [IV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.06.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [LuV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.07.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [ZPM]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.08.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [UV]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.09.name.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Charge Pack [MAX]?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Creeper.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST ?fCreeper Killer?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Enderman.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST ?fEnderman Killer?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Hellish.name.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST ?fNether Mob Killer?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Skeleton.name.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST ?fSkeleton Killer?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Spider.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ?fSpider Killer?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Zombie.name.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ?fZombie Killer?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GTPP.bauble.fireprotection.0.name.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST ?4Supreme Pizza Gloves?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.GeneticMutagen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Hydrazine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hydrazine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.HydrogenPeroxide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hydrogen Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Hydroxide.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.IndustrialDiamondExquisite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Exquisite Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Kerosene.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kerosene Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Krypton.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Krypton Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Li2BeF4.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Li2BeF4 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.LiquidHydrogen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Hydrogen Cell [LOH]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.LithiumPeroxide.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.MU-metaitem.01.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST MU-metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.MU-metaitem.02.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ?0Test Item 0
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.MU-metatool.01.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Simple Hand Pump
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.ManureSlurry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Manure Slurry
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Monomethylhydrazine.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Monomethylhydrazine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Naphthalene.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Naphthalene Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.NitrogenTetroxide.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nitrogen Tetroxide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.PhthalicAcid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Phthalic Acid Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RP1Fuel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST RP-1 Fuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RaisinJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raisin Juice Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RawWaste.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Animal Waste
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RocketFuelMixA.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST H8N4C2O4 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RocketFuelMixB.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST RP-1 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RocketFuelMixC.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST CN3H7O3 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.RocketFuelMixD.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dense Hydrazine Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.SlowBuildingRing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST ?eSlow Building Ring?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.SulfuricCoalTarOil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sulfuric Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.Toluene.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Toluene Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.UN18Fertiliser.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST UN-18 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.UN32Fertiliser.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST UN-32 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.ZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.aniline.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Aniline Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackBlack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackBlue.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blue Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackCyan.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackDarkGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Green Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackDarkPurple.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Purple Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackGray.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gray Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackGreen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Green Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackMaroon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Maroon Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackNavy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Navy Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Olive Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackPurple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purple Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackRed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Red Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silver Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackTeal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Teal Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackWhite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST White Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.backpackYellow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Backpack
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.bookGT.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST ?oThermal Boiler Manual
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.cadaverine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cadaverine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedAgarditeCd.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedAgarditeLa.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedAgarditeNd.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedAgarditeY.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedAlburnite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedAncientGranite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedBariteRd.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeCd.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeLa.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeNd.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeY.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAlburnite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAncientGranite.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedBariteRd.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCerite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedComancheite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCrocoite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCryolite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedDemicheleiteBr.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFlorencite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorcaphite.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteCe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteY.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGeikielite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGreenockite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHibonite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHoneaite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedIrarsite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKashinite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKoboldite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLafossaite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteCe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteLa.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteNd.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLautarite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLepersonnite.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedMiessiite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedNichromite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPerroudite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPolycrase.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthI.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthII.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthIII.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRunite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteY.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteYb.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedTitanite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedXenotime.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttriaite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrialite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrocerite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZimbabweite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirconolite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircophyllite.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirkelite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Centrifuged Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCerite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedComancheite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCrocoite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedCryolite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedDemicheleiteBr.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedFlorencite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedFluorcaphite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedFluorite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteCe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteY.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedGeikielite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedGreenockite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedHibonite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedHoneaite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedIrarsite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedKashinite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedKoboldite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedLafossaite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteCe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteLa.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteNd.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedLautarite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedLepersonnite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedMiessiite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedNichromite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPerroudite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPolycrase.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeCd.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeLa.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeNd.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeY.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAlburnite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAncientGranite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedBariteRd.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCerite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedComancheite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCrocoite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCryolite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedDemicheleiteBr.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFlorencite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorcaphite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteCe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteY.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGeikielite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGreenockite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHibonite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHoneaite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedIrarsite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKashinite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKoboldite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLafossaite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteCe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteLa.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteNd.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLautarite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLepersonnite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedMiessiite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedNichromite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPerroudite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPolycrase.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthI.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthII.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthIII.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRunite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteY.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteYb.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedTitanite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedXenotime.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttriaite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrialite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrocerite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZimbabweite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirconolite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircophyllite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirkelite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedRareEarthI.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedRareEarthII.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedRareEarthIII.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedRunite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteY.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteYb.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedTitanite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedXenotime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedYttriaite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedYttrialite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedYttrocerite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedZimbabweite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedZircon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedZirconolite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedZircophyllite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.crushedZirkelite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.cryotheum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cryotheum Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.cyclohexane.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cyclohexane Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.cyclohexanone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyclohexanone Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dummyResearch.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST ?dResearch on Containment Fields
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeCd.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeLa.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeNd.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeY.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureAlburnite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Impure Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureBariteRd.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureCerite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impure Cerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureComancheite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureCrocoite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureCryolite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureDemicheleiteBr.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Impure Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureFlorencite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Florencite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureFluorcaphite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureFluorite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteCe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteY.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureGeikielite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureGreenockite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureHibonite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureHoneaite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureIrarsite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureKashinite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureKoboldite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureLafossaite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteCe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteLa.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteNd.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureLautarite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureLepersonnite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureMiessiite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureNichromite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpurePerroudite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpurePolycrase.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Impure Strange Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthI.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthII.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthIII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impure Runite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteY.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteYb.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impure Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureTitanite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Titanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureXenotime.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impure Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureYttriaite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureYttrialite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impure Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureYttrocerite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureZimbabweite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureZircon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impure Zircon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureZirconolite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impure Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureZircophyllite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Impure Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustImpureZirkelite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Impure Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustMolybdenum99.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Molybdenum 99 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustNeptunium238.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium 238 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeCd.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeLa.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeNd.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeY.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureAlburnite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureAncientGranite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Purified Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureBariteRd.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureCerite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purified Cerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureComancheite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureCrocoite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureCryolite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureDemicheleiteBr.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Purified Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureFlorencite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Florencite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureFluorcaphite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureFluorite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteY.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureGeikielite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureGreenockite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureHibonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureHoneaite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureIrarsite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureKashinite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureLafossaite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteLa.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteNd.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureLautarite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureLepersonnite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureMiessiite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureNichromite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPurePerroudite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPurePolycrase.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purified Strange Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthI.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthII.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthIII.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purified Runite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteY.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteYb.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Purified Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureTitanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Titanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureXenotime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureYttriaite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureYttrialite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureYttrocerite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureZimbabweite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureZircon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purified Zircon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureZirconolite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureZircophyllite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purified Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustPureZirkelite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustRadium226.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Radium 226 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustTechnetium99.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Technetium 99 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.dustTechnetium99M.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Technetium 99M Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameAccelerated.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Accelerated Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameArborists.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Arborist Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameBusy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Working Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameDecaying.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Decaying Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameMutagenic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mutagenic Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameSlowing.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Slowing Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameStabilizing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stabilizing Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.frameUseless.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Useless Frame
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.gt.plusplus.metatool.01.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.plusplus.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.gtpp.bucket.generic.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.gtpp.debug.scanner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST GT++ Debug Scanner
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.gtpp.throwable.bomb.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Bomb
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.Eatotron9000.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Eatotronic 9000
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.MysticBag.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mystic Pouch
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.ToolBox.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Workers Toolbox
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.empty.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore1.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [ULV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore10.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [MAX].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [LV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore3.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [MV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore4.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [HV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore5.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [EV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore6.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [IV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore7.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [LuV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore8.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [ZPM].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore9.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Core [UV].
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemDragonJar.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Capture Jar
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodActinium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Actinium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Astatine Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Californium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodCurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Curium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodFermium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fermium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Francium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongActinium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Actinium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAmericium241.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Long Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAstatine.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Astatine Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongBerkelium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongCurium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Long Curium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongEinsteinium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFermium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Long Fermium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFrancium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Francium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Long LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Long LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Long LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptunium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium238.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Long Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium239.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Long Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Polonium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium210.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongProtactinium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Long Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadioactiveMineralMix.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Long Radium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongStrontium90.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Long Technetium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Long Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodLongUraniumTetrafluoride.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Polonium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodRadium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Radium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thorium 232 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemRodUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemSandstoneHammer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Breaker
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tree Feller
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Digger
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.modularbauble.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Modular Bauble
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.item.thekeytothecity.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST The Key to the City
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemAirFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Air Filter [Tier 1]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemAlkalusDisk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Alkalus Disk
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBigEgg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ?? ounce Chicken Egg
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBlueprint.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint [I am useless]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoilerChassis.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Boiler Chassis [Tier 1]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potin Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBoltZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBombCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bomb Casing
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemBombUnf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Bomb (unf)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCactusCharcoal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCactusCoke.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Coke
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellActinium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Actinium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellAdvancedNitinol.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Nitinol Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellAmericium241.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Americium 241 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellAstatine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Astatine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBabbitAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Babbit Alloy Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBakelite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bakelite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBerkelium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Berkelium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBerylliumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBlackTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Titanium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellCalifornium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Californium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellCarbyne.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Carbyne Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellCurium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Curium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellDragonblood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dragonblood Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Base Compound Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellEinsteinium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Einsteinium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellFermium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fermium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellFrancium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Francium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Germanium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHG1223.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST HG-1223 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHydrogenCyanide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Hydrogen Cyanide
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Koboldite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellLithiumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellNeon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Neon Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellNeptunium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellNylon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nylon Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium238.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 238 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium239.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 239 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellPolonium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Polonium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellPolonium210.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Polonium 210 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potin Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellProtactinium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Protactinium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellRadium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Radium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellRhugnor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhugnor Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Runite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellSeleniousAcid.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Selenious Acid Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumDioxide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Dioxide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellStrontium90.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Strontium 90 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTechnetium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTeflon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Teflon Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellThoriumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Alloy Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellUranium232.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 232 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellUranium233.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 233 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellUraniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellXenon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Xenon Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCellZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCircuitLFTR.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST ?aControl Circuit
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCoalCoke.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coking Coal
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemControlCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Control Core [ULV]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.agon.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Agon (0)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.bitt.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bitt (0)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.iszm.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iszm (0)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.jelt.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Jelt (0)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.korp.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Korp (0)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.miscutils.GtMachineCasings.*                    # (default: true) EXIST ?dUltra Low Voltage Machine Plate Cover
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDebugClearing.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Debug Square [1]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dehydrator Coil [EV]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoilWire.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coil Wire [EV]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDetCable.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bomb Fuse
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDrained.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Drained Shard
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustActinium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Actinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAdvancedNitinol.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeCd.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeLa.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeNd.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeY.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAlburnite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAmericium241.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAmmoniumNitrate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAncientGranite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAstatine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Astatine Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBabbitAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBakelite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBariteRd.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBerkelium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBerylliumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBlackTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCalciumCarbonate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCalciumHydroxide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCalifornium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Californium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCerite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustComancheite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustConductiveIron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCookedZrCl4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCrocoite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCryolite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustCurium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Curium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustDecayedRadium226.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustDemicheleiteBr.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustDragonblood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustEinsteinium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustElectricalSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustEnergeticAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustFermium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fermium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustFlorencite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Florencite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustFluorcaphite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustFluorite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustFrancium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Francium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteY.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGeikielite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Germanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGreenockite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustGypsum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHG1223.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHibonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHoneaite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInfusedAir.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Infused Air Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInfusedEarth.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Infused Earth Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInfusedFire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Infused Fire Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustInfusedWater.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Infused Water Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustIrarsite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustKashinite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLafossaite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteLa.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteNd.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLautarite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLepersonnite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLi2BeF4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLithium7.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLithiumCarbonate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLithiumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroxide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustLithiumPeroxide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustManureByproducts.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustMiessiite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustMixTumbaga.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustNeptunium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustNichromite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustNylon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nylon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustOrganicFertilizer.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPerroudite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPhthalicAnhydride.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium238.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium239.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPolonium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Polonium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPolonium210.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPolycrase.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potin Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPromethium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustProtactinium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustPulsatingIron.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Strange Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRadium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Radium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthI.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthII.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthIII.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRedstoneAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRhugnor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Runite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteY.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteYb.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumDioxide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallActinium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAdvancedNitinol.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeCd.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeLa.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeNd.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeY.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAlburnite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmericium241.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmmoniumNitrate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstatine.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBabbitAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBakelite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBariteRd.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerkelium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerylliumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumCarbonate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumHydroxide.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalifornium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCerite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallComancheite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallConductiveIron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCookedZrCl4.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCrocoite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCryolite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallCurium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallDecayedRadium226.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallDemicheleiteBr.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallDragonblood.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallEinsteinium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallElectricalSteel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergeticAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallFermium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallFlorencite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorcaphite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallFrancium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteCe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteY.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGeikielite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGreenockite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallGypsum.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHG1223.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHibonite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHoneaite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallIodine.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallIrarsite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallKashinite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallKoboldite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafossaite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteCe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteLa.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteNd.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLautarite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLepersonnite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2BeF4.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithium7.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumCarbonate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroxide.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumPeroxide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallManureByproducts.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallMiessiite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallMixTumbaga.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptunium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallNichromite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallNylon.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallOrganicFertilizer.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPerroudite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPhthalicAnhydride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium238.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium239.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium210.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolycrase.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPotin.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPromethium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallProtactinium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallPulsatingIron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthI.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthII.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthIII.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRedstoneAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhugnor.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRunite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteY.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteYb.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumDioxide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallSoularium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallStellite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium90.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumHydroxide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumOxide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTeflon.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallThallium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallThorium232.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitanite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN18Fertiliser.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN32Fertiliser.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium232.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium233.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallVibrantAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallXenotime.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttriaite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrialite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrocerite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZimbabweite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircon.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconolite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircophyllite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirkelite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallZrCl4.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSmallphenolicresins.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustSoularium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soularium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustStrontium90.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumHydroxide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumOxide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTechnetium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTeflon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Teflon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustThorium232.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustThoriumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyActinium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeCd.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeLa.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeNd.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeY.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAlburnite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmmoniumNitrate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBakelite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBariteRd.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerylliumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumCarbonate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCerite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyComancheite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyConductiveIron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCookedZrCl4.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCrocoite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCryolite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyCurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyDecayedRadium226.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyDemicheleiteBr.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyDragonblood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyElectricalSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergeticAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyFermium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyFlorencite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorcaphite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteY.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGeikielite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGreenockite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyGypsum.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHG1223.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHibonite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHoneaite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyIodine.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyIrarsite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyKashinite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafossaite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteLa.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteNd.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLautarite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLepersonnite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2BeF4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithium7.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumCarbonate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumPeroxide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyManureByproducts.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyMiessiite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyMixTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyNichromite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyNylon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyOrganicFertilizer.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPerroudite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPhthalicAnhydride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolycrase.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPromethium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyPulsatingIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthI.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthII.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthIII.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRedstoneAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRunite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteY.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteYb.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySelenium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumDioxide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinySoularium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyStellite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumHydroxide.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumOxide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTeflon.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyThallium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitanite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN18Fertiliser.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN32Fertiliser.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium232.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium233.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyVibrantAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyXenotime.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttriaite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrialite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrocerite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZimbabweite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircon.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconolite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircophyllite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirkelite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyZrCl4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTinyphenolicresins.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTitanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Titanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustUN18Fertiliser.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustUN32Fertiliser.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustUranium232.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustUranium233.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustUraniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustVibrantAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustXenotime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustYttriaite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustYttrialite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustYttrocerite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZimbabweite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZircon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zircon Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZirconolite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZircophyllite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZirkelite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustZrCl4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemDustphenolicresins.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemEnergeticRotorBlade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemEnergeticShaft.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFiber.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plant Fiber
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fine Babbit Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fine Grisium Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireHG1223.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fine HG-1223 Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fine Koboldite Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWirePalladium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fine Palladium Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fine Quantum Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fine White Metal Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFineWireZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fine Zirconium Wire
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFoodCurriedSausages.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST A Serving of Curried Sausages
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemFoodRaisinToast.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST A Serving of Raisin Toast
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potin Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGearZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGemDull.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dull Gemstone
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGemShards.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shards
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGenericToken.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST ?rBitCoin
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemGrindleTablet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grindle
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHalfCompleteCasings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Half Complete Casing I
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHatTinFoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tin Foil Hat
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAncientGranite.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAstralTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackMetal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Black Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBronze.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Bronze Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateEglinSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateHypogen.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateOsmiridium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Osmiridium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlatePotin.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Potin Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateQuantum.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Quantum Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateRhugnor.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateStainlessSteel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Stainless Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateTalonite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Talonite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWatertightSteel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWhiteMetal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy White Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHeliumBlob.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Hydrogen Substance
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotFoodCurriedSausages.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST A Serving of Hot Curried Sausages
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotFoodRaisinToast.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST A Serving of Hot Raisin Toast
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hot Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hot Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hot Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hot Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hot Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hot Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hot Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hot Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Hastelloy-W Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hot Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hot Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hot Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hot Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hot Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hot Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hot Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hot Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hot Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotRaisinBread.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST A Serving of Hot Raisin Bread
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hot Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotStellite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hot Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hot Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hot Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hot Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hot Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hot Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Hot Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hot Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hot Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHotIngotZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hot Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHydrofluoricPotion.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Vial of Hydrofluoric Acid
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemHydrogenBlob.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Hydrogen Blob
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotActinium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Actinium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotAdvancedNitinol.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Nitinol Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotAmericium241.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Americium 241 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotAncientGranite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Granite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotAstatine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Astatine Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBabbitAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Babbit Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBakelite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bakelite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBerkelium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Berkelium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBerylliumFluoride.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBlackTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotCalifornium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Californium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotCurium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Curium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotDragonblood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Metal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotEinsteinium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Einsteinium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotFermium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fermium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotFrancium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Francium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHG1223.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST HG-1223 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotLithium7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lithium 7 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotLithiumFluoride.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotNeptunium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotNylon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nylon Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium238.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 238 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium239.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 239 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Polonium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium210.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Polonium 210 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotPromethium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotProtactinium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Protactinium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRadium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Radium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRaisinBread.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST A Serving of Raisin Bread
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRhugnor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhugnor Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRunite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Runite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium90.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Strontium 90 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTeflon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Teflon Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotThorium232.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thorium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotUranium232.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotUranium233.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 233 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIridiumRotorBlade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemIridiumShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Shaft
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemKeyBig4000DC's.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST 4000DC's Big Key
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemLavaFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lava Filter
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemMushroomForest.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Forest Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetAbyssalAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetActinium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Actinium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetAdvancedNitinol.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Nitinol Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetAmericium241.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Americium 241 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Granite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetArcanite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetArceusAlloy2B.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetAstatine.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Astatine Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetAstralTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBabbitAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Babbit Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBakelite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bakelite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBerkelium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Berkelium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBerylliumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackMetal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetBloodSteel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetCalifornium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Californium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetChromaticGlass.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetCinobiteA243.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetCurium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Curium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetDragonblood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shard of Dragonblood
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetDysprosium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetEinsteinium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Einsteinium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetEnergyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetFermium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fermium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetFrancium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Francium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHG1223.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST HG-1223 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHafnium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyC276.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyN.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyW.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyX.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetHypogen.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloy020.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyDS.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyMA956.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel625.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel690.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel792.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetIodine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetLafiumCompound.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetLithium7.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lithium 7 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetLithiumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel250.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel300.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel350.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptunium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetNiobiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetNylon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nylon Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetOctiron.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPikyonium64B.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium238.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 238 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium239.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium 239 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Polonium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium210.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Polonium 210 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPotin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Potin Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetPromethium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetProtactinium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Protactinium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetRadium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Radium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetRhenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetRhodium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetRhugnor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rhugnor Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Runite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetRuthenium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetSelenium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetSiliconCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetStaballoy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetStellite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium90.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Strontium 90 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTalonite.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy60.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy61.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTeflon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Teflon Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTellurium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetThallium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetThorium232.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thorium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTitansteel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTumbaga.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium232.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium233.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 233 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetZeron100.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPLACEHOLDER_Circuit.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quark Manipulator (UV)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateAncientGranite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateBabbitAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateBakelite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateBerylliumFluoride.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateBlackTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateClay.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateConductiveIron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAbyssalAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Double Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAdvancedNitinol.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Double Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAncientGranite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Double Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArcanite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArceusAlloy2B.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Double Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAstralTitanium.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Double Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBabbitAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Double Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBakelite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBerylliumFluoride.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Double Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackMetal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Double Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBloodSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCelestialTungsten.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Double Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleChromaticGlass.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Double Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCinobiteA243.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Double Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleClay.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Double Clay Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDragonblood.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Double Dragonblood Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDysprosium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEglinSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEnergyCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Double Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleGrisium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Grisium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHG1223.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Double HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHafnium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyC276.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Double Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyN.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyW.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyX.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHypogen.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloy020.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyDS.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyMA956.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Double Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel625.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel690.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel792.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIodine.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Double Iodine Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLafiumCompound.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Double Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithium7.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithiumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Double Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel250.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Double Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel300.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Double Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel350.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Double Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Double Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNiobiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Double Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNitinol60.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNylon.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Double Nylon Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleOctiron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Octiron Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePikyonium64B.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Double Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePotin.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Double Potin Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleQuantum.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Quantum Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhenium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhodium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhugnor.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRunite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Double Runite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRuthenium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSelenium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Selenium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSeleniumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Double Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSiliconCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Double Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStaballoy.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStellite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Stellite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStrontium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Strontium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTalonite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Talonite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy60.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Double Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy61.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Double Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Double Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Double Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTeflon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Double Teflon Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTellurium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThallium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Thallium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThorium232.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Double Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Double Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTitansteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Double Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Double Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Double Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Double Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWatertightSteel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Double Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWhiteMetal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Double White Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZeron100.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Double Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Double Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Double Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Double Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDragonblood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateElectricalSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateEnergeticAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHG1223.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateLithium7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateLithiumFluoride.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateMeatRaw.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fleshy Panel
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateNylon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nylon Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlatePhasedIron.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Phased Iron plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlatePikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlatePotin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potin Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateRedstoneAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Alloy plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateRhugnor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateRunite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Runite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateSodium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sodium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateSoularium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Soularium plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTeflon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Teflon Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateThorium232.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateUranium232.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 232 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateUranium233.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 233 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateVibrantAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemPotionChilly.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chilly Potion
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potin Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRingZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodAbyssalAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodArcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodArceusAlloy2B.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodAstralTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodBlackMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodBloodSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodCelestialTungsten.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodChromaticGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodCinobiteA243.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodEglinSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodEnergyCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodGrisium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodHafnium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyC276.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyN.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyW.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyX.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodHypogen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodIncoloy020.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyDS.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyMA956.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodInconel625.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodInconel690.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodInconel792.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodIodine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLafiumCompound.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongAbyssalAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Long Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongArcanite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongArceusAlloy2B.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongAstralTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongBlackMetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongBloodSteel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongCelestialTungsten.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Long Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongChromaticGlass.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongCinobiteA243.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Long Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongDysprosium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongEglinSteel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongEnergyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongGrisium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Grisium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongHafnium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyC276.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Long Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyN.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyW.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyX.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongHypogen.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloy020.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyDS.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyMA956.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Long Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel625.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel690.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel792.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongIodine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Long Iodine Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongLafiumCompound.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel250.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel300.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel350.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongNiobiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongNitinol60.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongOctiron.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Octiron Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongPikyonium64B.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Long Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongPotin.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Long Potin Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongQuantum.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Quantum Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongRhenium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongRhodium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongRuthenium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongSelenium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Selenium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongSiliconCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongStaballoy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongStellite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Stellite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongStrontium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Strontium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTalonite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Talonite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy60.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Long Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy61.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Long Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Long Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTellurium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongThallium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Thallium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTitansteel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Long Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTumbaga.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium232.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium233.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongWatertightSteel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Long Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongWhiteMetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Long White Metal Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongZeron100.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Long Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Long Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Long Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel250.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel300.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel350.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodNiobiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodNitinol60.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodOctiron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodPikyonium64B.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodPotin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Potin Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodQuantum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodRhenium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodRhodium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodRuthenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodSelenium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodSiliconCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodStaballoy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodStellite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodStrontium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTalonite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy60.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy61.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTantalumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodThallium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTitansteel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTumbaga.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodUranium232.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodUranium233.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodWatertightSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodWhiteMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodZeron100.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodZirconium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRodZirconiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRope.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rope
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potin Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemRotorZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Abyssal Alloy Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcanite Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arceus Alloy 2B Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Astral Titanium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Metal Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blood Steel Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chromatic Glass Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cinobite A243 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grisium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hafnium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-C276 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-N Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-W Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hastelloy-X Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hypogen Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-020 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-DS Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Incoloy-MA956 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-625 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-690 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Inconel-792 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lafium Compound Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 250 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 300 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maraging Steel 350 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Octiron Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pikyonium 64B Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potin Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhenium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rhodium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ruthenium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Selenium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Carbide Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Staballoy Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stellite Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Strontium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Talonite Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-60 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tantalloy-61 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Carbide Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thallium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Titansteel Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trinium Titanium Alloy Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tumbaga Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Titanium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zeron-100 Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemScrewZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSimpleFiremaker.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Basic Firemaker
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Black Steel Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Black Titanium Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSmallSpringMaragingSteel250.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Small Maraging Steel 250 Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSmallSpringNichrome.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Nichrome Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSmallSpringStaballoy.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Staballoy Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSpringCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Tungsten Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSpringEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Eglin Steel Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSpringNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nitinol 60 Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSpringWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Watertight Steel Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSpringWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Metal Spring
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemStickyRubber.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gumlet of Sticky Rubber
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSugarCharcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSugarCoke.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Coke
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemSulfuricPotion.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Vial of Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelRotorBlade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST TungstenSteel Rotor Blade
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelShaft.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST TungstenSteel Shaft
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemVibrantRotorBlade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemVibrantShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemZirconiumPellet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zirconium Pellet [ZrCl?]
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemironrotor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (TungstenSteel)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemsteelrotor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Vibrant Alloy)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.itemwoodrotor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Energetic Alloy)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.material.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.mobessence.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mob Essence Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.nitrobenzene.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nitrobenzene Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.particleBase.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Graviton
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.particleIon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hydrogen Ion
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.personalCloakingDevice-0.0.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ?9Personal Cloaking Device?7
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.personalHealingDevice.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ?9Personal Healing NanoBooster?r
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.polyurethane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Polyurethane Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.putrescine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Putrescine Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.pyrotheum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pyrotheum Cell
fe.protection.exist.miscutils.rfEUBattery.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Universally Chargeable Battery
fe.protection.exist.naturescompass.NaturesCompass.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nature's Compass
fe.protection.exist.openglasses.openglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST AR Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST IO Bus
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.potentiaAddon.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Potentia Converter
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Folder
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Paper Shreds
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Printed Page
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Ink
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Color Ink
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.cooldownUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.damageUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.energyUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.movementUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST RFID Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.secureNetworkCard.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Secure Network Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Security Door
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Private Security Door
fe.protection.exist.questbook.ItemQuestBook.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Quest Book
fe.protection.exist.sleepingbag.sleepingBag.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.supersolarpanel.bluecomponent.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Spectral Component
fe.protection.exist.supersolarpanel.enderquantumcomponent.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender-Quantum Component
fe.protection.exist.supersolarpanel.greencomponent.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Green Spectral Component
fe.protection.exist.supersolarpanel.redcomponent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Spectral Component
fe.protection.exist.supersolarpanel.solarsplitter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Solar Light Splitter
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.EuMeterGT.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST GT EU meter
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.constructable.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Multiblock Machine Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.debugContainer.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Debug EM Container
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.definitionContainer.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST EM Recipe Hint
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.definitionScanStorage.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST EM Scan Storage
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.frontRotate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Front Rotation Scrench
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.em.parametrizerMemoryCard.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Parametrizer Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.tm.itemTeslaComponent.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Tesla Windings
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.tm.teslaCoilCapacitor.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST LV Tesla Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.tm.teslaCover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tesla Coil Cover
fe.protection.exist.tectech.item.tm.teslaStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tesla Staff
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemBoltGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.itemBoltGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemDustGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.itemDustGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.itemDustSmallGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.itemDustTinyGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemGearGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.itemGearGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemIngotGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemIngotGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemNuggetGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.itemNuggetGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemPlateDoubleGermanium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Double Germanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemPlateGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemPlateGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemRingGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.itemRingGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemRodGermanium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.itemRodGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemRodLongGermanium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Long Germanium Rod
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemRotorGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemRotorGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.tectech.itemScrewGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemScrewGermanium.name
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemAspect
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Aer Fragment
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ?eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plax Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Incendium
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redlon Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Void Steel
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Shears
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diffusion Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.exist.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelIngot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Aeon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dogbearium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.tinkersdefense.Heater_Shield.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.heatershield.name
fe.protection.exist.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Queen's Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.tinkersdefense.Round_Shield.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.roundshield.name
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.bigReactors.singularity.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Blutonium Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.draconicEvolution.singularity.*              # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.enderIO.singularity.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.extraPlanets.singularity.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Gem Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.extraTiC.singularity.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.extraUtilities.singularity.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.general.singularity.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.mekanism.singularity.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Refined Glowstone Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.metallurgy.singularity.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Bitumen Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.pneumaticCraft.singularity.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Iron Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.projectRed.singularity.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Electrotine Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.redstoneArsenal.singularity.*                # (default: true) EXIST Flux Crystal Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.tinkersConstruct.singularity.*               # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Brass Singularity
fe.protection.exist.universalsingularities.universal.vanilla.singularity.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Singularity
fe.protection.exist.witchery.arthana.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arthana
fe.protection.exist.witchery.babashat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bark Belt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.biomenote.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Biome Beach
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biting Belt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.boline.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Boline
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brew.water.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brewbag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brew Bag
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.exist.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.exist.witchery.canesword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cane Sword
fe.protection.exist.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Witches' Brews
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Circle Talisman
fe.protection.exist.witchery.coffin.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coffin
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Hood
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Footwear
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathshand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hand of Death
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Robe
fe.protection.exist.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lava Diviner
fe.protection.exist.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Water Diviner
fe.protection.exist.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.exist.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.exist.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Earmuffs
fe.protection.exist.witchery.garlic.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glass Goblet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.exist.witchery.handbow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.exist.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Icy Slippers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Candelabra
fe.protection.exist.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Twisting Band
fe.protection.exist.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.exist.witchery.louse.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mirror
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Moon Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mutator.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mystic Branch
fe.protection.exist.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.playercompass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Player Compass
fe.protection.exist.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.poppet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Poppet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Universal Antidote
fe.protection.exist.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.exist.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.exist.witchery.silversword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Stone
fe.protection.exist.witchery.stew.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.stewraw.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sun Grenade
fe.protection.exist.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Taglock Kit
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchhand.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witches Hand
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchhat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Witches' Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witches Robes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.AFSU.ALC.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY AFB
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aether
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Flask
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aquasalus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Offensa
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Ash
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Axe
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Life
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orb of Testing
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crepitous
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystallos
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Divination Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaSecondTier.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Bazooka II
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaThirdTier.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Bazooka III
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Blaster
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterSecondTier.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Blaster II
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterThirdTier.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Blaster III
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Blade
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Imbued Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Incendium
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Router
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Key of Binding
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magicales
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanctus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tenebrae
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrae
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunnarium
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ArchitectureCraft.chisel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Architect's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.ArchitectureCraft.cladding.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cladding
fe.protection.inventory.ArchitectureCraft.hammer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Architect's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ArchitectureCraft.largePulley.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Pulley
fe.protection.inventory.ArchitectureCraft.sawblade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Circular Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Australia.australia.trigger.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ?6Alkalus ROM [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thinking Cap
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oculo Anima
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.edible.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.glyph.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Conflux Disc
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ember Heart
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sliver of Air
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Akashic_Record.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Akashic Records
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Endest Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Pants
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY World Breaker
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Planet Eater
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Orb_Armok.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Orb of Armok
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.big_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Extremely Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Backpack.backpack.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Backpack.boundLeather.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Leather
fe.protection.inventory.Backpack.tannedLeather.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tanned Leather
fe.protection.inventory.Backpack.workbenchbackpack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Workbench Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Baubles.Ring.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Ring
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack1.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack2.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack3.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack4.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack5.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.containerBucket.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Missed Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.containerCan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Missed Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.containerCapsule.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Missed Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.containerCylinder.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Missed Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.containerGlass.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Missed Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.containerRefractory.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Missed Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.fieldKit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Field Kit
fe.protection.inventory.BinnieCore.genesis.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Genesis
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Staff
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Essence
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Radar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart Blower
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderporter
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flippers
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Jar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Jar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Brick
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Ball
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wading Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.amorphic_catalyst.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Amorphic Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_burned_string.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Burned String
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_cookie.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Diamond Axe [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_iron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_wood.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_active.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Diamond (Active)
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_bound.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_unactive.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Diamond (Unactive)
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone_dust.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_diamond.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_iron.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_wood.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_diamond.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_iron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_wood.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_stick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Stick
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_diamond.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Diamond Sword [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_iron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_wood.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_money.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Money x1
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.blood_orange.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Orange
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.bound_bow.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Bow
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.bound_diamond_shard.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Diamond Shard
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.bound_igniter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Igniter
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.bound_shears.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Shears
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.bound_sickle.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.empowered_sacrifice_amulet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empowered Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.empowered_self_sacrifice_amulet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empowered Self Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_sacrificial_dagger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.glass_shard.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Shard
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.heart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heart
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.item_blood_cake.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Cake
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.juice_and_cookies.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice and Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_boots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Imbued Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Imbued Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Imbued Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Imbued Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.orange_juice.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Juice
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.sacrifice_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amulet of Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Amulet of Self Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_augmented_holding.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Augmented Holding
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_divinity.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Divinity
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_ender.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_lightning.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lightning Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_swimming.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Swimming
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.soul_booster.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Booster
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.soul_fragment.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.soul_nullifier.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Nullifier
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.transparent_orb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Transparent Orb
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.vampire_boots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.vampire_cape.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Cape
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.vampire_greaves.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.vampire_ring.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Ring
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.wand_caps.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Iron Cap
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.wand_cores.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Infused Wooden Rod
fe.protection.inventory.BloodArsenal.wolf_hide.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wolf Hide
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.clay.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.database.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Botanist Database
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.insulatedTube.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooper Insulated Tube
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.itemFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.misc.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Powder
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.pigment.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pigment
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.pollen.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.seed.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.soilMeter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Soil Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.trowelDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.trowelGold.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.trowelIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.trowelStone.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.Botany.trowelWood.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Template
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY List
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Map Location
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Board
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Robot
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Docking Station
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Package
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gate Copier
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Gate
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Plug
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Adapter
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn 
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Shard
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaotic Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Comet
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Axe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Bow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Helm
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Sword
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Heart
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Key
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Dislocator
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Soul
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Focus
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY TCLogo
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Binder
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.BaseBaubles.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?2The One Ring
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ChainsawStream.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chainsaw of the Stream
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ChargingFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Charging
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ChristmasFocus.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Kris-tmas
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.DiamondChainsaw.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.Diamond_Omnitool.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Omnitool
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.DrillRockbreaker.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Drill of the Rockbreaker
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.EMTBaubles.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY ?2Armor Charging Ring
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.EMTItems.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Native Cluster.name
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ElectricBootsTraveller.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ElectricGogglesRevealing.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ElectricHoeGrowth.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ElectricScribingTools.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.EnergyBallFocus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Ball Focus
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ExplosionFocus.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Explosion
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.FeatherWing.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Duct-Taped Wings
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.Mjolnir.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mjolnir
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.NanoBootsTraveller.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanosuit Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.NanosuitGogglesRevealing.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanosuit Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.NanosuitWing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanosuit Wings
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.Omnitool.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Omnitool
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.QuantumBootsTraveller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.QuantumGogglesRevealing.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.QuantumWing.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Wings
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ShieldFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shield
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.SolarHelmetRevealing.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.SuperchargedMjolnir.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Supercharged Mjolnir
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.TaintedMjolnir.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Relic of Mjolnir
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ThaumiumChainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ThaumiumDrill.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Drill
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ThaumiumOmnitool.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Omnitool
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.ThaumiumWing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Reinforced Wings
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.WandChargingFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Wand Charging
fe.protection.inventory.EMT.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Quantum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Axe
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Boots
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Plate
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Helm
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Pick
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Shears
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY The Ender
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Spawner
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Facade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Probe
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY "Enderios"
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderface
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Chassis
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electromagnet
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Powder
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Vial
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Rod
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.EnderZoo.confusingDust.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Confusing Powder
fe.protection.inventory.EnderZoo.enderFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.EnderZoo.enderZooIcon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.enderZooIcon.name
fe.protection.inventory.EnderZoo.guardiansBow.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardians Bow
fe.protection.inventory.EnderZoo.itemSpawnEggEnderZoo.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Enderminy
fe.protection.inventory.EnderZoo.witheringDust.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Withering Dust
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.dictionary.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist Database
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cage.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Restraint Frame
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.clay.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Frame
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cocoa.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.debug.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nova Frame
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.soul.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Frame
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.honeyComb.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Barren Comb
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.honeyDrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Drop
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.misc.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Scented Gear
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraBees.propolis.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Watery Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTrees.database.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Arborist Database
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTrees.databaseMoth.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTrees.durableHammer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTrees.food.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crabapple
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTrees.hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTrees.misc.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Division Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Etheric Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glove
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Lasso
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kikoku
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ERR
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.carbonDissolver.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Dissolver
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.carbonLantern.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Non-electric Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.electricIncandescentLightBulb.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Incandescent Light Bulb
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.glowingFilament.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowing Filament
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.lightDebugTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lightblock Debug Tool
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.mantle.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.FloodLights.rawFilament.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Filament
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrath Shard
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Riding Crop
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Collar of Pain
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hexcoal
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Rod
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ambrosia
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apatite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ash.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Princess
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beverage.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canIce.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canLava.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canMead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canWater.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.carton.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carton
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Catalogue
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.crate.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crate
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBarley.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlack.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlight.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlue.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryDusk.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryMalo.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryRasp.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySky.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySting.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockHeatsand.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockTainted.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlueGlowshroom.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaGreenGlowshroom.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogBloodwood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogDarkwood.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogEucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogFusewood.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogGhostwood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogHopseed.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogSakura.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogWillow.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaPotashApple.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaPurpleGlowshroom.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingBlood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingDarkwood.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingEucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingFusewood.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingGhostwood.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingHopseed.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingMaple.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingPurpleheart.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingRedwood.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSakura.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSilverbell.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingTiger.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingWillow.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Untreated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fruits.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Habitat Locator
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Drop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Pot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeydew
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Imprinter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.infuser.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuser
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.letters.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mulch.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulch
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectacles
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.peat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Phosphor
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pipette.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipette
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollen.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.propolis.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Wax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.scoop.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldering Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.stamps.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Treealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Cast
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Pulp
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.wrench.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.airFan.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.airVent.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.basicItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Single Solar Module
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.battery.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketFuel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketOil.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.buggy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Buggy
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.buggymat.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.canister.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Canister
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.canvas.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.cheeseCurd.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese Curd
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.engine.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.flag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flag
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.fuelCanisterPartial.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.heavyPlating.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteBattery.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinite Battery
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteOxygen.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronIngot.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronRaw.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.noseCone.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.null.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oilCanisterPartial.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oilExtractor.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Oil Extractor
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenConcentrator.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenGear.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenMask.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankHeavyFull.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankLightFull.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankMedFull.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.parachute.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Parachute
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.rocketFins.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Fins
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.schematic.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorGlasses.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorLens.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor Lens
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.spaceship.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.standardWrench.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steelPole.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pole
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_axe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_boots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_sword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.atmosphericValve.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.bucketSludge.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLN2.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLOX.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.carbonFragments.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Axe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshChestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshLeggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPick.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPickSlime.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSpade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Sword
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.grapple.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapple
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.heavyNoseCone.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.itemAstroMiner.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Astro Miner
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.itemBasicAsteroids.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.itemTier3Rocket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.methaneCanisterPartial.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.null.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.orionDrive.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Orion Drive
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.schematic.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.spaceshipTier2.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.thermalPadding.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_axe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_boots.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_sword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.BarnardaCStrawberry.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknow Fruits
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedCoal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Coal
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualAluminium.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Aluminium
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualBronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Bronze
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedPlates.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Adamantite
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedSDHD120.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Alloy "SDHC-120"
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.GlowstoneDusts.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceres Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate4.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate5.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate6.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate7.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate8.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Ingots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamantite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ItemBioFuelCanister.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biofuelCanisterPartial.name
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.JetPack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.LeadBattery.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Battery
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.MethaneBucket.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Methane Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lander Tier 1
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lander Tier 2
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander3.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lander Tier 3
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallCanister.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Fuel Tank
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallFuelCanister.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.QuantBow.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quant Bow
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.RocketParts.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Durable Nose Cone Tier 2
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier4.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier5.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier6.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier7.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier8.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.SolarFlares.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Part Solar Flares
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Sulfur.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfur
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalClothT2.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalPaddingT2.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Rocket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Rocket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Rocket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Rocket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Key.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Rocket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Crystal Shard
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowWaterBucket.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_leg.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Leggins
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_plate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.lead_boots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.lead_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.lead_leg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Leggins
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.lead_plate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.plasmaaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Axe
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.plasmahoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.plasmapickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.plasmashovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.plasmasword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Sword
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_gravityboots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmetglasses.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_jetplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_leg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Leggins
fe.protection.inventory.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY SpaceSuit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.analyst.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyst
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.database.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gene Database
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.masterRegistry.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Registry
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.misc.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.registry.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Registry
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.sequence.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.serum.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Serum Vial
fe.protection.inventory.Genetics.serumArray.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Serum Array
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Drill (Mark I)
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.epicLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY GraviTool
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.itemPlasmaCell.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Cell [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Relocator
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Cannon [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vajra
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Altar Nexus
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Shard
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Auricion
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Compass
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Gem
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Power
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Curse Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dry Splinter
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY End Powder
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Head
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ectoplasm
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Wand
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Essence
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernium
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Igneous Rock
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Instability Orb
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Note
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Matter
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Instability
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Purity
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rune of Power
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Tear
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stardust
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Temple Caller
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Transference Gem
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Steel)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Composite Vest
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY BatPack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energypack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Chaff
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCable.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydration Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Credit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Item
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Door
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDust.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plantball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grin Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Resin
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemHops.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hops
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lathing Tool
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mug
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Saber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coil
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY OD Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY OV Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slag
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Static Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Turbine
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Wart
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY EU-Reader
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Laser
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 235
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 238
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed-EX
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Memory
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.obscurator.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obscurator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.windmeter.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Windmeter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemInventoryScannerCard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Tracking Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Time Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanillaMachineCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Machine Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanilliaKit.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Steel Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.mover.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticker
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.beeNugget.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.capsule.magic.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Magic Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.capsule.void.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Void Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.comb.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Comb
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.drop.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameGentle.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gentle Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameMagic.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameMetabolic.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameNecrotic.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameOblivion.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameResilient.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Resilient Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.frameTemporal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Temporal Frame
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.item.thaumiumGrafter.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.item.thaumiumScoop.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.jellyBabies.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.magnet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.miscResources.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lore Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.moonDial.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.pollen.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.propolis.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.MagicBees.wax.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Wax
fe.protection.inventory.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.Natura.netherfood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potash Apple
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.barley.seed.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.barleyBag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.barleyFood.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.berry.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.berry.nether.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blightberry
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.berryMedley.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry Medley
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.boneBag.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bonemeal Bag
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.carrotBag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Bag
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.cottonBag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.impmeat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Imphide
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.armor.impboots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.armor.imphelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.armor.impjerkin.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.armor.impleggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.axe.bloodwood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.axe.darkwood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.axe.fusewood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.axe.ghostwood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.axe.netherquartz.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.bow.bloodwood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.bow.darkwood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.bow.fusewood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.bow.ghostwood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.emptybowl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.flintandblaze.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.kama.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.kama.darkwood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.kama.fusewood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.kama.ghostwood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.kama.netherquartz.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Kama
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.pickaxe.bloodwood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.pickaxe.darkwood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.pickaxe.fusewood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.pickaxe.ghostwood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.pickaxe.netherquartz.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.shovel.bloodwood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.shovel.darkwood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.shovel.fusewood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.shovel.ghostwood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.shovel.netherquartz.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.spawnegg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Imp
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.stewbowl.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.stick.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.sword.bloodwood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.sword.darkwood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.sword.fusewood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.sword.ghostwood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.natura.sword.netherquartz.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.potatoBag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Bag
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.redwoodDoorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.saguaro.fruit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.wartBag.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart Bag
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.waterdrop.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Juice
fe.protection.inventory.Natura.wheatBag.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.NodalMechanics.item.nodalmechanics.matrix.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Unattuned Node Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cartographer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Control
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursor
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY /dev/null
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pointer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden eye
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hang Glider
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Height Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Luggage
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pedometer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Badass Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Squeegee
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stencil
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tasty Clay
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY EEPROM
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hover Boots
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.item.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Data Card
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Draw Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Circuit Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Recipe Plan
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Athame
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Gin
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY IC Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY IC Chip
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fallout Light
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Illumar Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY OR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Router Utility
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Responder chip
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.controlPanel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Control Panel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.emptySprayCan.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Spray Can
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.miniatureButton.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Miniature White Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.miniatureCover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gcewing_projectblue:miniatureCover
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.miniatureLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Miniature White Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.miniatureLever.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Miniature White Lever
fe.protection.inventory.ProjectBlue.sprayCan.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Spray Paint
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.blank_plate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Plate
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.chip.location.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Location Chip
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.chip.transfer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Transfer Chip
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.chip.upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Camouflage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.io_tool.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY IO Tool
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.linker.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Linker
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.pda.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY PDA
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.remoteAccessor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Accessor
fe.protection.inventory.RIO.item.wireless_transmitter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Batbox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY CESU Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY MFE Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Can
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Cell
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bleached Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.notepad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Label
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Poison
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Core
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Stone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.ic2Capacitor.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ridiculously Large Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.naquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.naquadahIngot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.sgChevronUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.sgControllerCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.sgCoreCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.sgIrisBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.inventory.SGCraft.sgIrisUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Food Journal
fe.protection.inventory.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lunch Bag
fe.protection.inventory.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lunch Box
fe.protection.inventory.StevesAddons.duplicator.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manager Duplicator
fe.protection.inventory.StevesAddons.labeler.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Factory Labeler
fe.protection.inventory.StevesCarts.CartModule.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Engine
fe.protection.inventory.StevesCarts.ModularCart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular cart
fe.protection.inventory.StevesCarts.ModuleComponents.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Concealment Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Packing Tape
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Drawer Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Template
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Battleaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Battlesign
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.binding.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Binding
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowstring
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutlass
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Frying Pan
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pan
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gear Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Canister
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Knapsack
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Longsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumber Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.materials.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Stack
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mattock
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ingot Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartArrowHead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Arrow Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartAxeHead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBinding.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Tool Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBowLimb.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Bow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChiselHead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Chisel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChunk.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Shard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbar.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Crossbar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowBody.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Crossbow Body (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowLimb.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Crossbow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartExcavatorHead.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Excavator Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFrypanHead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Pan (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFullGuard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Full Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartHammerHead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Hammer Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartKnifeBlade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Knife Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeGuard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Wide Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargePlate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Large Plate (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeSwordBlade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Large Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLumberHead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Broad Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartMediumGuard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Hand Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartPickaxeHead.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Pickaxe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartScytheHead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Scythe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShovelHead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Shovel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShuriken.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Shuriken (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSignHead.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Sign Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSwordBlade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToolRod.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughBind.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Tough Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughRod.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Tough Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.TGregworks.tgregworks.shardcast.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Length of Wire
fe.protection.inventory.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spool of Wire
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Funguar
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Node in a Jar
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Focus Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Stone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Door
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Taint
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of Bone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Phial
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemFakeLootbag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Treasure
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw Golem
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Treasure
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Bean
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumentum
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Protection
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanity Checker
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumometer
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Cap
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Aer
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Taintberry
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.Golemancy_Bell_TH.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golemancer's Bell_TH
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.vat.name
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incubated Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Animated Golem
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Injector
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens Case
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Illumine Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Echo Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Node Opener
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Planar Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Suicide Injection
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Warded Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Injection
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Putty
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicMachina.nodeAugmentation.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Node Augmentation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicMachina.wandAugmentationCore.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Augmentation Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicMachina.wandCore.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.wandCore.celestial.name
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Feline Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Transvector Binder
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Imbued Grain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Aer
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Aspect
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Protoclay
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Mould
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.inventory.ToxicEverglades.everglades.trigger.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ?6Alkalus Disk [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.inventory.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Fur
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Hood
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Borer Essence
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Carminite
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Block and Chain
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life I
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life II
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crumble Horn
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Experiment 115
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Blood
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Legs
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Tears
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydra Chop
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bomb
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Liveroot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Beans
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mazebreaker
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meef
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Steak
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeker Bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raven's Feather
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Torchberries
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tower Key
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Transformation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tri-bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Venison Steak
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Remote
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY REP
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY REther Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.amulet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purification Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.cleanser.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pure Tear
fe.protection.inventory.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.paper.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Litmus Paper
fe.protection.inventory.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.something.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunk of Something
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedScribingTools.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Illuminated Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Uraninite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Gem
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Kama
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweetwart
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yarn
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Greataxe
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Boots
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Helm
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Claymore
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Ztones.minicharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mini Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.Ztones.minicoal.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mini Coal
fe.protection.inventory.Ztones.ofanix.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ofanix
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.adventureBackpack.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventure Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.adventureHat.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Fedora
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.adventurePants.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Pants
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.adventureSuit.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Suit
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.backpackComponent.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adventurebackpack:backpackComponent
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.backpackHose.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hose: Useless / No Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.clockworkCrossbow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clockwork Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.coalJetpack.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.copterPack.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copter Pack
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.machete.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Machete
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.melonJuiceBottle.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Juice Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.adventurebackpack.pistonBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Piston Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnet Card
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 2? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY View Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biometric Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Staff
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Tool
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BWPumpParts.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Elongated Glass Tube
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BW_CombinedRotor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Combined Primitive Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BW_LeatherRotor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Primitive Leather Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BW_PaperRotor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primitive Paper Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BW_SimpleWindMeter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Wind Meter
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BW_WoolRotor.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Primitive Wool Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BioLabModules.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY DNA Extraction Module
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.BioLabParts.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterilized Petri Dish
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.bw.THTRMaterials.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY BISO pebble compund
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.craftingParts.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Grindstone Top Piece
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.GT2Destructopack.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.GT2Destructopack.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.Tiberiumcell.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.TiberiumcellDep.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_HV.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rockcutter HV
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_LV.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rockcutter LV
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_MV.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rockcutter MV
fe.protection.inventory.bartworks.tabIconGT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.chain.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.dagger.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.dagger.gold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.dagger.iron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.dagger.stone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.dagger.wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.heraldric.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heraldic Icon
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.knights_armour.boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.knights_armour.helmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight's Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.knights_armour.legs.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.knights_armour.plate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight's Plate
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.mace.diamond.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Mace
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.mace.gold.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Mace
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.mace.iron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Mace
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.mace.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mace
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.mace.wood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Mace
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.mb.arrow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.quiver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.shield.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shield
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.shield.gold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shield
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.shield.hide.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hide Shield
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.shield.iron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shield
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.shield.wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shield
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.spear.diamond.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Spear
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.spear.gold.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Spear
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.spear.iron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Spear
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.spear.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Spear
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.spear.wood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Spear
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.waraxe.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Waraxe
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.waraxe.gold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Waraxe
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.waraxe.iron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Waraxe
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.waraxe.stone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Waraxe
fe.protection.inventory.battlegear2.waraxe.wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Waraxe
fe.protection.inventory.berriespp.BppPotions.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Fermented Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.berriespp.Modifier.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Space Flower
fe.protection.inventory.berriespp.foodBerries.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Huckleberry
fe.protection.inventory.berriespp.foodGoldfish.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Goldfish
fe.protection.inventory.berriespp.itemLens.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plant Lens
fe.protection.inventory.berriespp.itemSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spade
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterquesting.extra_life.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Extra Life
fe.protection.inventory.betterquesting.guide_book.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Better Questing Starter Guide
fe.protection.inventory.betterquesting.placeholder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Placeholder
fe.protection.inventory.bq_standard.loot_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Loot Chest
fe.protection.inventory.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blowtorch ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.inventory.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Rope ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.inventory.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel grate ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blowtorch
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Caution Tape
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rope Light
fe.protection.inventory.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Grate
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Smashing Rock
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.upgrade.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumBlade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.inventory.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumRotor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.dockingUpgrade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone Docking Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.droneStation.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone Docking Station
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.gt_parts.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromium Dioxide Tape Reel
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.ocParts.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.ocSpecialParts.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Track
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.partsForestry.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Caustic Comb
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.portableTapeDrive.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassette Tape
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.GTNHBioItems.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Collagen
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete_bucket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Concrete
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid_bucket.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Nitric Acid
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution_bucket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Pollution
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium_bucket.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Sodium Potassium (NaK)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilter.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Adsorption filter
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterCasing.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Adsorption filter casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterDirty.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty adsorption filter
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedBoard.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrick.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrickDust.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedProcessorBoard.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumBars.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumIronPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumItemCasing.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AluminoSilicateWool.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumino Silicate Wool
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AlumiteDust.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ApprenticeOrb.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apprentice Orb
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ArcaneSlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Slate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ArchmageOrb.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Archmage Orb
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ArditePlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.AsteroidsStoneDust.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Asteroid Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaEStoneDust.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barnarda E Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaFStoneDust.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barnarda F Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumIronPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BioBall.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Ball
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BioCarbonPlate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Carbon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BioChunk.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BioOrganicMesh.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Organic Mesh
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumCompressedPlate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDensePlate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDust.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BlankPlatedChip.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Plated Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Blaster.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Blaster
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BloodVial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Vial
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BowFletchingCast.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow Fletching Cast
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.BowStringCast.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow String Cast
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceColdIngot.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Callisto Cold Ice Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceCompressedPlate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Callisto Ice Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDensePlate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Callisto Ice Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceIngot.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Callisto Ice Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIcePlate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CallistoStoneDust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Callisto Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartChestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmetNightVision.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Parts "Helmet Night Vision"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartLeggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteChip.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Carminite Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteFragment.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Carminite Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CentauriAStoneDust.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Centauri A Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CentauriASurfaceDust.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centauri A Surface Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CeresStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceres Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzDust.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzPlate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzRod.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedMechanistWandCap.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Mechanist Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSilverWandCap.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Silver Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSojournerWandCap.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Sojourner Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedThaumiumWandCap.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Thaumium  Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChargedVoidWandCap.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Void  Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChromeBars.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChromeIronPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ChromeItemCasing.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CobbleStoneRod.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventure.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Explorer 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureI.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Explorer 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureII.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Explorer 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Explorer 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIV.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Explorer 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBees.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Beekeeper 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesI.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Beekeeper 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesII.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Beekeeper 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Beekeeper 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIV.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Beekeeper 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlank.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blank 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankI.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blank 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blank 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blank 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIV.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blank 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Vampire 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodI.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Vampire 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Vampire 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Vampire 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIV.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Vampire 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemist.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Chemist 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistI.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Chemist 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistII.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Chemist 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIII.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Chemist 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIV.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Chemist 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierI.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunkloader Coin Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierII.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunkloader Coin Tier II
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIII.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunkloader Coin Tier III
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIV.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunkloader Coin Tier IV
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierV.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunkloader Coin Tier V
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinCook.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Cook 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookI.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Cook 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookII.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Cook 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Cook 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIV.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Cook 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Dark Wizard 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardI.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Dark Wizard 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Dark Wizard 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIII.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Dark Wizard 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIV.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Dark Wizard 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Farmer 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerI.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Farmer 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Farmer 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIII.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Farmer 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIV.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Farmer 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestry.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Forest Ranger 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryI.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Forest Ranger 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryII.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Forest Ranger 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIII.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Forest Ranger 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIV.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Forest Ranger 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmith.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blacksmith 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithI.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blacksmith 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blacksmith 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blacksmith 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIV.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Blacksmith 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpace.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Space Invaders 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceI.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Space Invaders 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Space Invaders 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Space Invaders 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIV.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Space Invaders 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Survivor 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorI.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Survivor 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorII.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Survivor 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIII.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Survivor 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIV.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Survivor 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnician.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Technician 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianI.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Technician 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Technician 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIII.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Technician 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIV.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "The Technician 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitch.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Spirit 1"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchI.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Spirit 10"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchII.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Spirit 100"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Spirit 1000"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIV.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin "Spirit 10K"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrickDust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CompressedBioBall.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Bio Ball
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ConductiveIronBars.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CopperDualCompressedPlates.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Copper Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CopperWandCap.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.CrimsonStainedClothCap.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson-Stained Cloth Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.DeimosStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Deimos Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.DeshDualCompressedPlates.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Desh Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.DiamondCoreChip.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.DiamondDrillTip.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drill Tip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.DiamondFluidCoreChip.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Display.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Display
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.DraconiumEgg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Draconium Egg
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EMT.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electro Magic Tool
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EdibleSalt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Edible Salt
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ElectricBoatHull.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Boat Hull
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ElectricalSteelBars.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ElectrotineWire.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrotine Wire
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedCoreChip.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Circuit Tier III
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedFluidCoreChip.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldHighAdvancedCoreChip.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Circuit Tier IV
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Empty1080SpCell.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY 1080K Space Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Empty180SpCell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY 180K Space Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Empty360SpCell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY 360K Space Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Empty540SpCell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY 540K Space Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusIceDust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enceladus Ice Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusStoneDust.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Enceladus Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnchantedClothCap.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Cloth Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnderEgg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Egg
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBars.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBaseBars.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderium Base Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnergeticAlloyBars.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineCore.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Engine Core
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorEssentiaPulsatingCore.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Processor Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidDiamondCore.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Processor Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidEmeraldCore.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Processor Tier II
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemAdvEmeraldCore.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Processor Tier IV
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemDiamondCore.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Processor Tier II
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemEmeraldCore.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Processor Tier III
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorSpatialPulsatingCore.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spatial Processor Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngravedDiamondCrystalChip.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Engraved Diamond Crystal Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngravedEnergyChip.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Engraved Energy Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngravedGoldChip.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Engraved Gold Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngravedManyullynCrystalChip.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Engraved Manyullyn Crystal Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EngravedQuantumChip.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Engraved Quantum Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaNeutroniumSunnariumAlloy.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Naquadria Neutronium Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaSunnariumAlloy.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Naquadria Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedXSunnariumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched X Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EnvironmentalCircuit.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Environmental Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EssentiaCircuit.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EtchedInsaneVoltageWiring.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Etched Insane Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLowVoltageWiring.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Etched Low Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLudicrousVoltageWiring.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Etched Ludicrous Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EuropaIceDust.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Europa Ice Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.EuropaStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Europa Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ExtraLargeFuelCanister.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Extra Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ExtruderShapeBoat.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Extruder Shape (Boat)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.FieryBloodDrop.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Blood Drop
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.GanymedStoneDust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ganymed Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.GeneticCircuit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.GlowingMarshmallow.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowing Marshmallow
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.GoldCoreChip.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.GoldWandCap.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HaumeaStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Haumea Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT4.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T4
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT5.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T5
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT6.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T6
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT7.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T7
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT8.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T8
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT9.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T9
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier3.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 3
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier4.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 4
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier4.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate Tier 4
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier5.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate Tier 5
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier6.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate Tier 6
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier7.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate Tier 7
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier8.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Plate Tier 8
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier3.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 3
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier4.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 4
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier3.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 3
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier4.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 4
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyCircuitParts.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY High Energy Circuit Parts
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyFlowCircuit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY High Energy Flow Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.HotNetherrackBrick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Netherrack Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IceCompressedPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Ice Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IceDualCompressedPlates.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Ice Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IchoriumCap.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IndustryFrame.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Industry Bee Frame
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.InfernalBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernal Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IoStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Io Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IridiumAlloyItemCasing.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Alloy Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IridiumBars.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IridiumItemCasing.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IronDualCompressedPlates.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Iron Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IronWandCap.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedAluminiumPlate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedBedrockiumPlate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedChromePlate.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Chrome Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNaquadriaPlate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Naquadria Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNeutroniumPlate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Neutronium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTitaniumPlate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Titanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenPlate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenSteelPlate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LapotronDust.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LargeFuelCanister.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LaserEmitter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Laser Emitter
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LeadNickelPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Lead-Nickel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LeadOriharukonPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Lead-Oriharukon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LedoxColdIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LedoxCompressedPlate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Ledox Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDensePlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Ledox Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ledox Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LedoxIngot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LedoxPlate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ledox Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LichBone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lich Bone
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneChip.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lich Bone Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneFragment.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lich Bone Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LightAxeHead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LightBinding.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Binding
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LightPickaxeHead.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LightShaft.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LightSwordBlade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LogicProcessorItemGoldCore.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Processor Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LongObsidianRod.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.LongStoneRod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MaceratedPlantmass.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plant mass
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MagicianOrb.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magician Orb
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MakeMakeStoneDust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY MakeMake Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MalformedSlush.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Malformed Slush
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynPlate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MarsStoneDust.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mars Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Marshmallow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Semi-stable Marshmallow
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowForm.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold (Marshmallow)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowFormMold.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Marshmallow Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MasterOrb.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Orb
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MedalBuilder.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Medal - Excellent Builder
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MedalDerp.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Medal - Darwin award
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MedalEngineer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Medal - Engineer Supreme
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MedalGTExplosion.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Medal - Official GT Player
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MedalWarp.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Medal - Nanananananananana... WarpMan!
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MediumFuelCanister.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MercuryCoreDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Core Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MercuryStoneDust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronDualCompressedPlates.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Meteoric Iron Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronString.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron String
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedPulp.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mica Based Pulp
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedSheet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mica Based Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorFoil.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mica Insulator Foil
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorSheet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mica Insulator Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MirandaStoneDust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Miranda Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold (Boots)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold (Chestplate)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormAnvil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Anvil Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormArrowHead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Arrow Head Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBaguette.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Baguette Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBall.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Ball Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Block Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBolt.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form(Bolt Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold Form Boots
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBottle.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Bottle Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBread.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Bread Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBuns.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Buns Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCasing.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Casing Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormChestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold Form Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCoinage.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Coinage Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCylinder.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Cylinder Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormGear.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Gear Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormHelmet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold Form Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormIngot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Ingot Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormLeggings.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold Form Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormName.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Name Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormNuggets.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Nuggets Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeHuge.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Huge Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeLarge.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Large Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeMedium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Normal Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeSmall.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Small Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeTiny.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPlate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Plate Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRing.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Ring Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRotor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Rotor Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRound.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form(Round Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormScrew.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form(Screw Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormSmallGear.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Small Gear Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form(Stick Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStickLong.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form(Long Stick Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormTurbineBlade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Turbine Blade Mold)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold (Helmet)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoldLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mold (Leggings)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MoonStoneDust.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Moon Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MushroomPowder.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MutatedEgg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutated Egg
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalColdIngot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalCompressedPlate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDensePlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDualCompressedPlates.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Mysterious Crystal Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDust.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemExquisite.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Exquisite Probable Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemFlawless.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Unknown Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalIngot.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalLens.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Quite Certain Crystal Lens
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalPlate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCompressedPlate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDensePlate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDualCompressedPlates.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Mytryl Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDust.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mytryl Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylHotIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylIngot.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.MytrylPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleChip.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleFragment.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoBoard.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoChestJetPack.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Chest Jet Pack
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoCircuit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoPlatedLeggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Plated Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoProcessorBoard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoRubberBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Rubber Boots
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NanoScubaHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Scuba Helme
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NaquadriaIronPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NetherStarFragment.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorParts.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorSmallParts.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumBars.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumIronPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumItemCasing.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Nothing.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY You got nothing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.OberonStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Oberon Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumBars.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumItemCasing.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.OvenGlove.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.OvenGlove.name
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PhobosStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Phobos Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PicoWafer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pico Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PikoCircuit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Piko Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PistonPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Piston Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PlutoIceDust.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pluto Ice Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PlutoStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pluto Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PotassiumHydroxideDust.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Potassium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PrimordialPearlFragment.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Pearl Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ProteusStoneDust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Proteus Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingIronBars.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Iron Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingSpatialCoreChip.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spatial Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumCompressedPlate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Quantium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDensePlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Quantium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDualCompressedPlates.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Quantium Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDust.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumHotIngot.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Quantium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumPlate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumRod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumBoard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCircuit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartBoots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmetEmpty.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Parts "Helmet Empty"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.QuantumProcessorBoard.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawBioFiber.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Bio Fiber
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawLapotronCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawMytryl.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawNeutronium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier1.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Orb Tier I
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier2.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Orb Tier II
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier3.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Orb Tier III
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier4.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Orb Tier IV
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier5.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Orb Tier V
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier6.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Orb Tier VI
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawPicoWafer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Pico Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RawSDHCAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw "SDHC-120" Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.RedstoneAlloyBars.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Alloy Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedAluminiumIronPlate.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedBedrockiumIronPlate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedChromeIronPlate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassLense.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Glass Lens
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassPlate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Glass Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedIridiumDrillTip.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iridium Drill Tip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNaquadriaIronPlate.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNeutroniumIronPlate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTitaniumIronPlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenIronPlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenSteelIronPlate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SandDust.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Sand
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SandStoneRod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeArdite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeManyullyn.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladePeridot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeRuby.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeSapphire.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeStone.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsAstroMiner.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Astro Miner Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsCargoRocket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Cargo Rocket Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsMoonBuggy.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Moon Buggy Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier1.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 1 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier2.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 2 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier3.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 3 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier4.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 4 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier5.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 5 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier6.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 6 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier7.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 7 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier8.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematics Rocket Tier 8 Chip
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShadowImbuedClothCap.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow-Imbued Cloth Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShadowmetalCap.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeAxeHead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Axe Head Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Block Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBoat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Boat Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBolt.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Bolt Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Bottle Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCasing.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Casing Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCell.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Cell Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeFileHead.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (File Head Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeGear.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Gear Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHammerHead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Hammer Head Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHoeHead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Hoe Head Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHugePipe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Huge Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeIngot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Ingot Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeLargePipe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Large Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeNormalPipe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Normal pipe Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapePickaxeHead.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Pickaxe Head Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapePlate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Plate Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRing.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Ring Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Rod Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRotor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Rotor Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSawBlade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Saw Blade Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeShovelHead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Shovel head Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallGear.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Small Gear Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallPipe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Small Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSwordBlade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Sword Blade Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTinyPipe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTurbineBlade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Turbine Blade Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ShapeWire.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Casting Form (Wire Shape)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SilverThread.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.SilverThread.name
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SilveredFleece.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Silvered Fleece
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SimpleCircuitBoard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SixtyKCell.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY 60K Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBlood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Snow Queen Blood
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBloodDrop.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Snow Queen Blood Drop
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SoulariumBars.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Soularium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelBars.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY StainlessSteel Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelItemCasing.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stainless Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StargateChevron.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Chevron
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StargateCrystalDust.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate-Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StargateFramePart.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Frame Part
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StargateShieldingFoil.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate-Radiation-Containment-Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SteelBars.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.SteelDualCompressedPlates.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Steel Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.StonePlate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TCetiESeaweedExtract.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TCetiE-Seaweed Extract
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TCetiEStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tceti E Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TeleposerFrame.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleposer Frame
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TenKCell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 10K Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TheBigEgg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY The Big Egg
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.ThirtyKCell.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY 30K Cell
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Tier2Booster.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Booster
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Tier3Booster.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Booster
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.Tier4Booster.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Booster
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TinDualCompressedPlates.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Tin Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TitanStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Titan Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumBars.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumDualCompressedPlates.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Dual Titanium Plates
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumIronPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumItemCasing.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TranscendentOrb.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Transcendent Orb
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TritonStoneDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Triton Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenBars.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenIronPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenItemCasing.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelBars.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY TungstenSteel Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelIronPlate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelItemCasing.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TungstenString.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten String
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.TwilightCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quick and Dirty Portal Generator
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.UncookedSlush.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncooked Slush
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredClayBrick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Clay Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredCokeOvenBrick.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSearedBrick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Seared Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSlimeSoulBrick.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Slime Soul Brick
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VegaBStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vega B Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VenusStoneDust.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Venus Stone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VibrantAlloyBars.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy Bars
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VinteumThread.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.VinteumThread.name
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VoidEssence.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Essence
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VoidFoil.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Foil
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VoidPlate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Plate
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VoidRing.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Ring
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VoidRod.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Rod
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.VoidSeed.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Seed
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WaferTier3.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wafer Tier 3
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapAlchemical.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemical Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapBloodIron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapElementium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapManaSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapTerraSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapThauminite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WandCapVinteum.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vinteum Cap
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WeakOrb.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Orb
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WetTofu.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wet Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WirelessTransmitter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WitherProtectionRing.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither protection Ring
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WoodenBrickForm.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Form (Brick)
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.item.WoodenCasing.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Casing
fe.protection.inventory.dreamcraft.itemQuantumToast.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.QuantumBread.name
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedlootbags.lootbag.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY LootBag (Default)
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.blank_portal_module.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Portal Module
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.blank_upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.glasses.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.location_card.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.manual.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ENHANCED PORTALS: wormhole tunneling
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.nanobrush.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanobrush
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.portal_module.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Particle Destroyer
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Interface Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.enhancedportals.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.eternalsingularity.combined_singularity.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitronic Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.eternalsingularity.eternal_singularity.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY null
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.part.base.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.casing.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.component.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.physical.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemArcanePackage.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Package
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemAuraCore.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Aura Core
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemCreativeNode.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Aura Node
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemElement.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Element of Darkness
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemEtherealFamiliar.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Familiar
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemExtendedNodeJar.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Node in a Jar
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemPlacer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemShield.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemFakeModIcon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemFamiliar.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Familiar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemGolemCoreBreak.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.ItemTransformationFocus.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY [WIP] Wand Focus: Transformation
fe.protection.inventory.gadomancy.itemSilverwoodGolemPlacer.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverwood Golem
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Production Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Climate Control Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Template
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Import Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.Labware.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Labware
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Protein Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Protein Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.Waste.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Waste
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCell.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCellDep.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_Naquadahcell.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.MNqCell.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.MNqCell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.MNqCellDep.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Naquadahcell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.NaquadahcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Volumetric_Flask.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Volumetric_Flask.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lignite Comb
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.detrav.metatool.01.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.detrav.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.drop.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Drop
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.99.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.99.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.pollen.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Matrix Pollen
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.propolis.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zoko Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Turnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakeware
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Baklava
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Split
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Bass
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Batter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Battered Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans and Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Wellington
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY BLT
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Boiled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Braised Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brownie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bubbly Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Buttered Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY California Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Apple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Catfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chai Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Charr
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheesecake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiko Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Poppers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorizo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Citrus Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cola Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornflakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cottage Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracker
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Croissant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Custard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutting Board
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Damper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Date
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Delighted Meal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dim Sum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dough
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragonfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Edible Root
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Eel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Nog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Drink
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Espresso
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Firm Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flour
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Footlong
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY French Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Frog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Frosted Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Punch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Futo Maki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Garam Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Garden Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gherkin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Ale
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grain Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Grouper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Grub
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Guacamole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gummy Bears
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Herring
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Holiday Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hotdog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Jaffa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jam Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jellybeans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jelly Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Juicer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ketchup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Keylime Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kimchi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamington
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemonade
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Chutney
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manjuu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Marshmellows
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Marzipan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mayo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY McPam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mince Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixed Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mochi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Museli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Naan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nachoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutella
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Creole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Olive
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooking Oil
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Omelet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasta
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pavlova
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY PB&J
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas and Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppercorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppermint
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pepperoni
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Perch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pinacolada
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Poached Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Popcorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Cakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Powdered Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pralines
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen Bee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisins
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Random Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Refried Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Root Beer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Salad Dressing
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Salmon Patties
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Saucepan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Ball
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silken Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Skillet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snapper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Snickers Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spagetti
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Bun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Greens
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stock
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Suadero
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunday Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sushi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Taffy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tim Tam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tortilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Trail Mix
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Trout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuna Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tuna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Strips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vindaloo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vinegar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Walleye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Waxcomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeppole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.Quartz_Axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.Quartz_Hoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.Quartz_Pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.Quartz_Shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.Quartz_Sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.bloodleafItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.bloodleafseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.fleshrootItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flesh Root
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.fleshrootseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flesh Root Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.glowflowerseedItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glow Flower Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.ignisfruitItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.marrowberryItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Marrow Berry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.marrowberryseedItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Marrow Berry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.netherbedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Bed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.quartzbootsItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Boots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.quartzchestItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Chest
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.quartzhelmItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Helm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.quartzingotItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestthenether.quartzleggingsItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ifu.ifu_buildingKit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Finder Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_copper.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Copper Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_crystal.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Crystal Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_diamond.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Diamond Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_dirtchest9000.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with DirtChest9000
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_gold.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Gold Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_iron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Iron Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Obsidian Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_silver.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Silver Chest
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.copperIronUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.glassCopperUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.glassIronUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.silverDiamondUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontank.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.kekztech.kekztech_crafting_item.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Heat Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.kekztech.kekztech_error_item.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY KekzTech Error Coin
fe.protection.inventory.kekztech.kekztech_reactor_item.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY SilverCurtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY White Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Custom Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Factory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jail Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Laboratory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rusty Handle
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Saloon Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shoji Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.2Ethylanthrahydroquinone.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY 2-Ethylanthrahydroquinone Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.2Ethylanthraquinone.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY 2-Ethylanthraquinone Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.AAA_Broken.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Errors - Tell Alkalus Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Ammonium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammonium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.AmmoniumBifluoride.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammonium Bifluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.AmmoniumNitrateSlurry.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammonium Nitrate Slurry Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.AmmoniumTetrafluoroberyllate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammonium Tetrafluoroberyllate Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Anthracene.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Anthracene Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.BerylliumHydroxide.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Bromine.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bromine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.CoalGas.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Gas Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.CoalTar.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Tar Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.CoalTarOil.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Ethylbenzene.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethylbenzene Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.FertileManureSlurry.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Fertile Slurry
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Fertiliser.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Formaldehyde.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Formaldehyde Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.01.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [LV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.02.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [MV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.03.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [HV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.04.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [EV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.05.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [IV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.06.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [LuV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.07.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [ZPM]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.08.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [UV]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.09.name.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Charge Pack [MAX]?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Creeper.name.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ?fCreeper Killer?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Enderman.name.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ?fEnderman Killer?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Hellish.name.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ?fNether Mob Killer?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Skeleton.name.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ?fSkeleton Killer?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Spider.name.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ?fSpider Killer?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Zombie.name.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ?fZombie Killer?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GTPP.bauble.fireprotection.0.name.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ?4Supreme Pizza Gloves?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.GeneticMutagen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Hydrazine.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydrazine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.HydrogenPeroxide.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydrogen Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Hydroxide.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.IndustrialDiamondExquisite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Exquisite Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Kerosene.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kerosene Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Krypton.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Krypton Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Li2BeF4.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Li2BeF4 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.LiquidHydrogen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Hydrogen Cell [LOH]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.LithiumPeroxide.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.MU-metaitem.01.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY MU-metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.MU-metaitem.02.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ?0Test Item 0
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.MU-metatool.01.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Hand Pump
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.ManureSlurry.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Manure Slurry
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Monomethylhydrazine.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Monomethylhydrazine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Naphthalene.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Naphthalene Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.NitrogenTetroxide.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitrogen Tetroxide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.PhthalicAcid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Phthalic Acid Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RP1Fuel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY RP-1 Fuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RaisinJuice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisin Juice Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RawWaste.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Animal Waste
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RocketFuelMixA.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY H8N4C2O4 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RocketFuelMixB.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY RP-1 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RocketFuelMixC.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY CN3H7O3 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.RocketFuelMixD.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Hydrazine Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.SlowBuildingRing.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ?eSlow Building Ring?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.SulfuricCoalTarOil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfuric Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.Toluene.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Toluene Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.UN18Fertiliser.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY UN-18 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.UN32Fertiliser.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY UN-32 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.ZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.aniline.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Aniline Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackBlack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackBlue.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackCyan.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackDarkGreen.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Green Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackDarkPurple.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Purple Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackGray.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackGreen.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackMaroon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Maroon Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackNavy.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Navy Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackOlive.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Olive Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackPurple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackRed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackSilver.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackTeal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Teal Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackWhite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY White Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.backpackYellow.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.bookGT.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ?oThermal Boiler Manual
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.cadaverine.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cadaverine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedAgarditeCd.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedAgarditeLa.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedAgarditeNd.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedAgarditeY.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedAlburnite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedAncientGranite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedBariteRd.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeCd.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeLa.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeNd.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeY.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAlburnite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAncientGranite.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedBariteRd.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCerite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedComancheite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCrocoite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCryolite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedDemicheleiteBr.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFlorencite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorcaphite.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteCe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteY.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGeikielite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGreenockite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHibonite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHoneaite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedIrarsite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKashinite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKoboldite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLafossaite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteCe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteLa.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteNd.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLautarite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLepersonnite.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedMiessiite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedNichromite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPerroudite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPolycrase.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthI.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthII.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthIII.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRunite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteY.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteYb.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedTitanite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedXenotime.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttriaite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrialite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrocerite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZimbabweite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirconolite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircophyllite.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirkelite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Centrifuged Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCerite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedComancheite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCrocoite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedCryolite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedDemicheleiteBr.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedFlorencite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedFluorcaphite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedFluorite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteCe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteY.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedGeikielite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedGreenockite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedHibonite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedHoneaite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedIrarsite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedKashinite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedKoboldite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedLafossaite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteCe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteLa.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteNd.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedLautarite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedLepersonnite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedMiessiite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedNichromite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPerroudite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPolycrase.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeCd.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeLa.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeNd.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeY.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAlburnite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAncientGranite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedBariteRd.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCerite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedComancheite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCrocoite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCryolite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedDemicheleiteBr.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFlorencite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorcaphite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteCe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteY.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGeikielite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGreenockite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHibonite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHoneaite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedIrarsite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKashinite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKoboldite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLafossaite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteCe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteLa.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteNd.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLautarite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLepersonnite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedMiessiite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedNichromite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPerroudite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPolycrase.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthI.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthII.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthIII.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRunite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteY.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteYb.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedTitanite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedXenotime.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttriaite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrialite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrocerite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZimbabweite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirconolite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircophyllite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirkelite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedRareEarthI.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedRareEarthII.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedRareEarthIII.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedRunite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteY.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteYb.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedTitanite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedXenotime.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedYttriaite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedYttrialite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedYttrocerite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedZimbabweite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedZircon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedZirconolite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedZircophyllite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.crushedZirkelite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.cryotheum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cryotheum Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.cyclohexane.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyclohexane Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.cyclohexanone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyclohexanone Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dummyResearch.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ?dResearch on Containment Fields
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeCd.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeLa.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeNd.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeY.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureAlburnite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureAncientGranite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureBariteRd.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureCerite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Cerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureComancheite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureCrocoite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureCryolite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureDemicheleiteBr.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureFlorencite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Florencite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureFluorcaphite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureFluorite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteCe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteY.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureGeikielite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureGreenockite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureHibonite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureHoneaite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureIrarsite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureKashinite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureKoboldite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureLafossaite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteCe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteLa.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteNd.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureLautarite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureLepersonnite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureMiessiite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureNichromite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpurePerroudite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpurePolycrase.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Strange Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthI.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthII.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthIII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureRunite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Runite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteY.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteYb.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureTitanite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Titanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureXenotime.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureYttriaite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureYttrialite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureYttrocerite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureZimbabweite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureZircon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Zircon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureZirconolite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureZircophyllite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustImpureZirkelite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Impure Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustMolybdenum99.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Molybdenum 99 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustNeptunium238.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium 238 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeCd.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeLa.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeNd.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeY.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureAlburnite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureBariteRd.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureCerite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Cerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureComancheite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureCrocoite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureCryolite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureDemicheleiteBr.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureFlorencite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Florencite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureFluorcaphite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureFluorite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteY.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureGeikielite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureGreenockite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureHibonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureHoneaite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureIrarsite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureKashinite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureLafossaite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteLa.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteNd.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureLautarite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureLepersonnite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureMiessiite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureNichromite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPurePerroudite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPurePolycrase.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Strange Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthI.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthII.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthIII.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureRunite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Runite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteY.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteYb.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureTitanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Titanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureXenotime.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureYttriaite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureYttrialite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureYttrocerite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureZimbabweite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureZircon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Zircon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureZirconolite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureZircophyllite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustPureZirkelite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustRadium226.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Radium 226 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustTechnetium99.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium 99 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.dustTechnetium99M.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium 99M Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameAccelerated.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Accelerated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameArborists.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Arborist Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameBusy.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Working Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameDecaying.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Decaying Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameMutagenic.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagenic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameSlowing.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Slowing Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameStabilizing.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stabilizing Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.frameUseless.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Useless Frame
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.gt.plusplus.metatool.01.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.plusplus.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.gtpp.bucket.generic.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.gtpp.debug.scanner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY GT++ Debug Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.gtpp.throwable.bomb.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Bomb
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.Eatotron9000.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Eatotronic 9000
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.MysticBag.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystic Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.ToolBox.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Workers Toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.empty.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore1.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [ULV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore10.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [MAX].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [LV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore3.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [MV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore4.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [HV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore5.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [EV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore6.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [IV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore7.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [LuV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore8.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [ZPM].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore9.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Core [UV].
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemDragonJar.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Capture Jar
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodActinium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Actinium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodAmericium241.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodAstatine.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Astatine Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodBerkelium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodCalifornium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Californium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodCurium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Curium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodEinsteinium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodFermium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodFrancium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Francium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongActinium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Actinium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAmericium241.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAstatine.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Astatine Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongBerkelium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongCurium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Curium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongEinsteinium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFermium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Fermium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFrancium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Francium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Long LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Long LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Long LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptunium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium238.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium239.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Polonium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium210.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongProtactinium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadioactiveMineralMix.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Radium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongStrontium90.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Technetium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodLongUraniumTetrafluoride.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptunium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium238.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium239.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium210.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodProtactinium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodRadioactiveMineralMix.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodRadium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Radium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodStrontium90.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodThorium232.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium 232 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemRodUraniumTetrafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemSandstoneHammer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Breaker
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tree Feller
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Digger
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.modularbauble.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Bauble
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.item.thekeytothecity.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY The Key to the City
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemAirFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Filter [Tier 1]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemAlkalusDisk.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Alkalus Disk
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBigEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ?? ounce Chicken Egg
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBlueprint.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint [I am useless]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoilerChassis.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Boiler Chassis [Tier 1]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltIodine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltStellite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltThallium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBoltZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBombCasing.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bomb Casing
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemBombUnf.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Bomb (unf)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCactusCharcoal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCactusCoke.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Coke
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellActinium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Actinium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Nitinol Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium 241 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Astatine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Babbit Alloy Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBakelite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakelite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Berkelium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBerylliumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBlackTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Titanium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Californium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellCarbyne.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbyne Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellCurium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Curium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellDragonblood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragonblood Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Base Compound Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Einsteinium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellFermium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Francium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Germanium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHG1223.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY HG-1223 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHydrogenCyanide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Hydrogen Cyanide
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellIodine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Koboldite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellLithiumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellNeon.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Neon Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellNylon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nylon Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 238 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 239 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium 210 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Protactinium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellRadium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Radium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhugnor Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellRunite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Runite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellSeleniousAcid.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenious Acid Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumDioxide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Dioxide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellStellite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium 90 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTeflon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Teflon Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellThallium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellThoriumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Alloy Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellUranium232.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 232 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellUranium233.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 233 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellUraniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellXenon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Xenon Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCellZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCircuitLFTR.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ?aControl Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCoalCoke.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coking Coal
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemControlCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Control Core [ULV]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.agon.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Agon (0)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.bitt.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bitt (0)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.iszm.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iszm (0)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.jelt.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Jelt (0)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.korp.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Korp (0)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.miscutils.GtMachineCasings.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY ?dUltra Low Voltage Machine Plate Cover
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDebugClearing.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Square [1]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dehydrator Coil [EV]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoilWire.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coil Wire [EV]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDetCable.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bomb Fuse
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDrained.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Drained Shard
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustActinium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Actinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeCd.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeLa.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeNd.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeY.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAlburnite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAmericium241.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAmmoniumNitrate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAstatine.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Astatine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBabbitAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBakelite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBariteRd.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBerkelium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBerylliumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBlackTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCalciumCarbonate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCalciumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCalifornium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Californium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCerite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustComancheite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustConductiveIron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCookedZrCl4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCrocoite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCryolite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustCurium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Curium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustDecayedRadium226.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustDemicheleiteBr.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustDragonblood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustEinsteinium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustElectricalSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustEnergeticAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustFermium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustFlorencite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Florencite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustFluorcaphite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustFluorite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustFrancium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Francium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteY.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGeikielite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Germanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGreenockite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustGypsum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHG1223.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHibonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHoneaite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInfusedAir.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Air Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInfusedEarth.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Earth Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInfusedFire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Fire Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustInfusedWater.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Water Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustIodine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustIrarsite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustKashinite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustKoboldite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLafossaite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteCe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteLa.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteNd.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLautarite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLepersonnite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLi2BeF4.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLithium7.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLithiumCarbonate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLithiumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustLithiumPeroxide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustManureByproducts.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustMiessiite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustMixTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustNeptunium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustNichromite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustNylon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nylon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustOrganicFertilizer.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPerroudite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPhthalicAnhydride.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium238.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium239.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPolonium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPolonium210.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPolycrase.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPromethium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustProtactinium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustPulsatingIron.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Strange Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRadium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Radium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthI.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthII.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthIII.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRedstoneAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRunite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Runite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteY.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteYb.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumDioxide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAbyssalAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallActinium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAdvancedNitinol.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeCd.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeLa.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeNd.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeY.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAlburnite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmericium241.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmmoniumNitrate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAncientGranite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallArcanite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallArceusAlloy2B.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstatine.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstralTitanium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBabbitAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBakelite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBariteRd.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerkelium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerylliumFluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackMetal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackTitanium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallBloodSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumCarbonate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumHydroxide.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalifornium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCelestialTungsten.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCerite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallChromaticGlass.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCinobiteA243.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallComancheite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallConductiveIron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCookedZrCl4.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCrocoite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCryolite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallCurium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallDecayedRadium226.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallDemicheleiteBr.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallDirt.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallDragonblood.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallDysprosium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallEinsteinium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallElectricalSteel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergeticAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergyCrystal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallFermium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallFlorencite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorcaphite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallFrancium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteCe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteY.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGeikielite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGreenockite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGrisium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallGypsum.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHG1223.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHafnium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyC276.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyN.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyW.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyX.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHibonite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHoneaite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallHypogen.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloy020.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyDS.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyMA956.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel625.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel690.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel792.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallIodine.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallIrarsite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallKashinite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallKoboldite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafiumCompound.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafossaite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteCe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteLa.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteNd.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLautarite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLepersonnite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2BeF4.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithium7.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumCarbonate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumFluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroperoxide.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroxide.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumPeroxide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallManureByproducts.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel250.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel300.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel350.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallMiessiite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallMixTumbaga.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptunium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallNichromite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallNiobiumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallNitinol60.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallNylon.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallOctiron.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallOrganicFertilizer.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPerroudite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPhthalicAnhydride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPikyonium64B.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium238.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium239.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium210.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolycrase.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPotin.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPromethium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallProtactinium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallPulsatingIron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallQuantum.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadioactiveMineralMix.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthI.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthII.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthIII.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRedstoneAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhenium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhodium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhugnor.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRunite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallRuthenium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteY.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteYb.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSelenium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumDioxide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSiliconCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallSoularium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallStaballoy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallStellite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium90.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumHydroxide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumOxide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTalonite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy60.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy61.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTeflon.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTellurium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallThallium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallThorium232.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumTetrafluoride.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitanite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitansteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTumbaga.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN18Fertiliser.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN32Fertiliser.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium232.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium233.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumTetrafluoride.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallVibrantAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallWatertightSteel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallWhiteMetal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallXenotime.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttriaite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrialite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrocerite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZeron100.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZimbabweite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircon.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconolite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircophyllite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirkelite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallZrCl4.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSmallphenolicresins.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustSoularium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soularium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustStellite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustStrontium90.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumHydroxide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumOxide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTechnetium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTeflon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Teflon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustThallium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustThorium232.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustThoriumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAbyssalAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyActinium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAdvancedNitinol.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeCd.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeLa.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeNd.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeY.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAlburnite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmericium241.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmmoniumNitrate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAncientGranite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyArcanite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyArceusAlloy2B.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstatine.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstralTitanium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBabbitAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBakelite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBariteRd.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerkelium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerylliumFluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackMetal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackTitanium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyBloodSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumCarbonate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumHydroxide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalifornium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCelestialTungsten.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCerite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyChromaticGlass.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCinobiteA243.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyComancheite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyConductiveIron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCookedZrCl4.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCrocoite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCryolite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyCurium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyDecayedRadium226.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyDemicheleiteBr.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyDirt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyDragonblood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyDysprosium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyEinsteinium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyElectricalSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergeticAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergyCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyFermium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyFlorencite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorcaphite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyFrancium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteCe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteY.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGeikielite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGreenockite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGrisium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyGypsum.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHG1223.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHafnium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyC276.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyN.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyW.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyX.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHibonite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHoneaite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyHypogen.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloy020.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyDS.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyMA956.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel625.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel690.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel792.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyIodine.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyIrarsite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyKashinite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyKoboldite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafiumCompound.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafossaite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteCe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteLa.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteNd.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLautarite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLepersonnite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2BeF4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithium7.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumCarbonate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumFluoride.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroperoxide.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroxide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumPeroxide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyManureByproducts.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel250.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel300.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel350.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyMiessiite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyMixTumbaga.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptunium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyNichromite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyNiobiumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyNitinol60.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyNylon.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyOctiron.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyOrganicFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPerroudite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPhthalicAnhydride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPikyonium64B.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium238.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium239.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium210.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolycrase.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPotin.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPromethium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyProtactinium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyPulsatingIron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyQuantum.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadioactiveMineralMix.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthI.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthII.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthIII.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRedstoneAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhenium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhodium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhugnor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRunite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyRuthenium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteY.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteYb.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySelenium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumDioxide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySiliconCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinySoularium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyStaballoy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyStellite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium90.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumHydroxide.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumOxide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTalonite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy60.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy61.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTeflon.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTellurium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyThallium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyThorium232.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumTetrafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitanite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitansteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTumbaga.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN18Fertiliser.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN32Fertiliser.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium232.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium233.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumTetrafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyVibrantAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyWatertightSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyWhiteMetal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyXenotime.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttriaite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrialite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrocerite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZeron100.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZimbabweite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircon.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconolite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircophyllite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirkelite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyZrCl4.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTinyphenolicresins.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTitanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustUN18Fertiliser.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustUN32Fertiliser.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustUranium232.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustUranium233.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustUraniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustVibrantAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustXenotime.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustYttriaite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustYttrialite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustYttrocerite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZimbabweite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZircon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zircon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZirconolite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZircophyllite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZirkelite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustZrCl4.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemDustphenolicresins.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemEnergeticRotorBlade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemEnergeticShaft.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFiber.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plant Fiber
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireBabbitAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Babbit Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireGrisium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Grisium Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireHG1223.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine HG-1223 Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireKoboldite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Koboldite Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWirePalladium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Palladium Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireQuantum.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Quantum Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireWhiteMetal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine White Metal Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFineWireZirconium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fine Zirconium Wire
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFoodCurriedSausages.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY A Serving of Curried Sausages
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemFoodRaisinToast.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY A Serving of Raisin Toast
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearIodine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearStellite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearThallium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGearZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGemDull.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dull Gemstone
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGemShards.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shards
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGenericToken.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ?rBitCoin
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemGrindleTablet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grindle
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHalfCompleteCasings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Half Complete Casing I
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHatTinFoil.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Foil Hat
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAncientGranite.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAstralTitanium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackMetal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Black Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBronze.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Bronze Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateCelestialTungsten.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateEglinSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateHypogen.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateOsmiridium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Osmiridium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlatePotin.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Potin Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateQuantum.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Quantum Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateRhugnor.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateStainlessSteel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Stainless Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateTalonite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Talonite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWatertightSteel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWhiteMetal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy White Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHeliumBlob.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Hydrogen Substance
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotFoodCurriedSausages.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY A Serving of Hot Curried Sausages
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotFoodRaisinToast.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY A Serving of Hot Raisin Toast
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotArcanite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotAstralTitanium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotCinobiteA243.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotGrisium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyC276.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyN.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyW.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Hastelloy-W Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyX.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotHypogen.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloy020.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyDS.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel625.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel690.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel792.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotLafiumCompound.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotNitinol60.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotOctiron.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotPikyonium64B.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotQuantum.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotRaisinBread.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY A Serving of Hot Raisin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotStaballoy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotStellite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTalonite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy60.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy61.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTitansteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotWatertightSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHotIngotZeron100.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHydrofluoricPotion.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Vial of Hydrofluoric Acid
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemHydrogenBlob.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Hydrogen Blob
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotActinium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Actinium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotAdvancedNitinol.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Nitinol Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotAmericium241.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium 241 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Granite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotAstatine.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Astatine Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBabbitAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Babbit Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBakelite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakelite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBerkelium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Berkelium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBerylliumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotCalifornium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Californium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotCurium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Curium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotDragonblood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Metal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotEinsteinium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Einsteinium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotFermium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotFrancium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Francium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHG1223.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY HG-1223 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotIodine.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotLithium7.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium 7 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotLithiumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotNeptunium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotNylon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nylon Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium238.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 238 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium239.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 239 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium210.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium 210 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPotin.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotPromethium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotProtactinium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Protactinium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRadium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Radium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRaisinBread.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY A Serving of Raisin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRhugnor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhugnor Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRunite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Runite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotStellite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium90.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium 90 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTeflon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Teflon Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotThallium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotThorium232.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotUranium232.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotUranium233.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 233 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIridiumRotorBlade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemIridiumShaft.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemKeyBig4000DC's.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 4000DC's Big Key
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemLavaFilter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Filter
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemMushroomForest.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Forest Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetAbyssalAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetActinium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Actinium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetAdvancedNitinol.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Nitinol Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetAmericium241.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium 241 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetAncientGranite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Granite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetArcanite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetArceusAlloy2B.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetAstatine.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Astatine Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetAstralTitanium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBabbitAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Babbit Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBakelite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakelite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBerkelium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Berkelium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBerylliumFluoride.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackMetal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetBloodSteel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetCalifornium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Californium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetCelestialTungsten.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetChromaticGlass.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetCinobiteA243.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetCurium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Curium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetDragonblood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard of Dragonblood
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetDysprosium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetEglinSteel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetEinsteinium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Einsteinium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetEnergyCrystal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetFermium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetFrancium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Francium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetGrisium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHG1223.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY HG-1223 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHafnium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyC276.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyN.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyW.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyX.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetHypogen.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloy020.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyDS.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyMA956.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel625.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel690.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel792.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetIodine.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetLafiumCompound.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetLithium7.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium 7 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetLithiumFluoride.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel250.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel300.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel350.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptunium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetNiobiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetNitinol60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetNylon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nylon Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetOctiron.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPikyonium64B.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium238.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 238 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium239.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium 239 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium210.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Polonium 210 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPotin.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetPromethium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetProtactinium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Protactinium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetQuantum.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetRadium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Radium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetRhenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetRhodium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetRhugnor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhugnor Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetRunite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Runite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetRuthenium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetSelenium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetSiliconCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetStaballoy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetStellite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium90.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium 90 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTalonite.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy60.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy61.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTeflon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Teflon Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTellurium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetThallium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetThorium232.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTitansteel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTumbaga.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium232.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium233.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 233 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetWatertightSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetWhiteMetal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetZeron100.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPLACEHOLDER_Circuit.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quark Manipulator (UV)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateBabbitAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateBakelite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateBerylliumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateClay.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateConductiveIron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAbyssalAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAdvancedNitinol.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAncientGranite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArcanite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArceusAlloy2B.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAstralTitanium.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBabbitAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBakelite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBerylliumFluoride.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackMetal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackTitanium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBloodSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCelestialTungsten.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleChromaticGlass.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCinobiteA243.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleClay.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Clay Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDragonblood.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Dragonblood Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDysprosium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEglinSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEnergyCrystal.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleGrisium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Grisium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHG1223.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Double HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHafnium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyC276.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyN.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyW.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyX.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHypogen.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloy020.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyDS.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyMA956.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel625.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel690.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel792.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIodine.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Iodine Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLafiumCompound.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithium7.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithiumFluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel250.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel300.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel350.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNiobiumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNitinol60.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNylon.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Nylon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleOctiron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Octiron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePikyonium64B.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePotin.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Potin Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleQuantum.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Quantum Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhenium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhodium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhugnor.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRunite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Runite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRuthenium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSelenium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Selenium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSeleniumHexafluoride.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSiliconCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStaballoy.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStellite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Stellite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStrontium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Strontium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTalonite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Talonite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy60.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy61.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalumCarbide.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTeflon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Teflon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTellurium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThallium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Thallium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThorium232.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumTetrafluoride.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTitansteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTumbaga.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumHexafluoride.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumTetrafluoride.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWatertightSteel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWhiteMetal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Double White Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZeron100.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDragonblood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateElectricalSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateEnergeticAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHG1223.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateIodine.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateLithium7.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateLithiumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateMeatRaw.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fleshy Panel
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateNylon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nylon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlatePhasedIron.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Phased Iron plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlatePikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlatePotin.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateRedstoneAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Alloy plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateRhugnor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateRunite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Runite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateSodium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sodium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateSoularium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Soularium plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateStellite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTeflon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Teflon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateThallium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateThorium232.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateUranium232.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 232 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateUranium233.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 233 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateVibrantAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemPotionChilly.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chilly Potion
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingAbyssalAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingArcanite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingArceusAlloy2B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingBloodSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingChromaticGlass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingCinobiteA243.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingDysprosium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingEnergyCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingGrisium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingHafnium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyC276.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyN.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyW.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyX.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingIncoloy020.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyDS.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyMA956.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingInconel625.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingInconel690.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingInconel792.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingIodine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingLafiumCompound.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel250.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel350.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingNiobiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingNitinol60.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingOctiron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingPikyonium64B.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingPotin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingRhenium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingRhodium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingRuthenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingSelenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingSiliconCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingStaballoy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingStellite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingStrontium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy61.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTantalumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTellurium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingThallium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTitansteel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTumbaga.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingZeron100.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingZirconium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRingZirconiumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodAbyssalAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodArcanite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodArceusAlloy2B.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodAstralTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodBlackMetal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodBloodSteel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodCelestialTungsten.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodChromaticGlass.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodCinobiteA243.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodDysprosium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodEglinSteel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodEnergyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodGrisium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodHafnium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyC276.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyN.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyW.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyX.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodHypogen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodIncoloy020.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyDS.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyMA956.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodInconel625.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodInconel690.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodInconel792.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodIodine.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLafiumCompound.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongAbyssalAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongArcanite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongArceusAlloy2B.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongAstralTitanium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongBlackMetal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongBloodSteel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongCelestialTungsten.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongChromaticGlass.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongCinobiteA243.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongDysprosium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongEglinSteel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongEnergyCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongGrisium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Grisium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongHafnium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyC276.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyN.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyW.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyX.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongHypogen.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloy020.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyDS.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyMA956.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel625.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel690.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel792.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongIodine.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Iodine Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongLafiumCompound.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel250.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel300.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel350.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongNiobiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongNitinol60.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongOctiron.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Octiron Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongPikyonium64B.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongPotin.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Potin Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongQuantum.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Quantum Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongRhenium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongRhodium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongRuthenium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongSelenium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Selenium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongSiliconCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongStaballoy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongStellite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Stellite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongStrontium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Strontium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTalonite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Talonite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy60.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy61.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTellurium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongThallium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Thallium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTitansteel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTumbaga.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium232.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium233.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongWatertightSteel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongWhiteMetal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Long White Metal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongZeron100.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconiumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel250.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel300.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel350.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodNiobiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodNitinol60.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodOctiron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodPikyonium64B.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodPotin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodQuantum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodRhenium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodRhodium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodRuthenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodSelenium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodSiliconCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodStaballoy.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodStellite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodStrontium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTalonite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy60.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy61.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTantalumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTellurium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodThallium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTitansteel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTumbaga.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodUranium232.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodUranium233.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodWatertightSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodWhiteMetal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodZeron100.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodZirconium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRodZirconiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRope.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rope
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorIodine.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorPikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorPotin.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorStellite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorThallium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemRotorZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Abyssal Alloy Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcanite Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arceus Alloy 2B Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Astral Titanium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Metal Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Steel Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chromatic Glass Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinobite A243 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grisium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hafnium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-C276 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-N Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-W Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hastelloy-X Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypogen Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-020 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-DS Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Incoloy-MA956 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-625 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-690 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Inconel-792 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewIodine.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lafium Compound Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 250 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 300 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maraging Steel 350 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Octiron Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewPikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pikyonium 64B Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewPotin.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potin Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhenium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhodium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruthenium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Selenium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Carbide Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Staballoy Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewStellite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellite Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strontium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Talonite Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-60 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalloy-61 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Carbide Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewThallium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thallium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Titansteel Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trinium Titanium Alloy Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tumbaga Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Titanium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeron-100 Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemScrewZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSimpleFiremaker.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Firemaker
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Black Steel Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackTitanium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Black Titanium Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSmallSpringMaragingSteel250.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Maraging Steel 250 Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSmallSpringNichrome.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Nichrome Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSmallSpringStaballoy.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Staballoy Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSpringCelestialTungsten.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Tungsten Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSpringEglinSteel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Eglin Steel Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSpringNitinol60.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitinol 60 Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSpringWatertightSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Watertight Steel Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSpringWhiteMetal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Metal Spring
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemStickyRubber.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gumlet of Sticky Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSugarCharcoal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSugarCoke.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Coke
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemSulfuricPotion.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Vial of Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelRotorBlade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY TungstenSteel Rotor Blade
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelShaft.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY TungstenSteel Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemVibrantRotorBlade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemVibrantShaft.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemZirconiumPellet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zirconium Pellet [ZrCl?]
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemironrotor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (TungstenSteel)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemsteelrotor.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Vibrant Alloy)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.itemwoodrotor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Energetic Alloy)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.material.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.mobessence.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Essence Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.nitrobenzene.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitrobenzene Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.particleBase.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Graviton
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.particleIon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydrogen Ion
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.personalCloakingDevice-0.0.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Personal Cloaking Device?7
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.personalHealingDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ?9Personal Healing NanoBooster?r
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.polyurethane.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Polyurethane Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.putrescine.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Putrescine Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.pyrotheum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pyrotheum Cell
fe.protection.inventory.miscutils.rfEUBattery.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Universally Chargeable Battery
fe.protection.inventory.naturescompass.NaturesCompass.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature's Compass
fe.protection.inventory.openglasses.openglasses.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY AR Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY IO Bus
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.potentiaAddon.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Potentia Converter
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Folder
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Shreds
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Page
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Ink
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Ink
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.cooldownUpgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.damageUpgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.energyUpgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.movementUpgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.secureNetworkCard.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Secure Network Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Door
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Security Door
fe.protection.inventory.questbook.ItemQuestBook.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Quest Book
fe.protection.inventory.sleepingbag.sleepingBag.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.supersolarpanel.bluecomponent.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Spectral Component
fe.protection.inventory.supersolarpanel.enderquantumcomponent.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender-Quantum Component
fe.protection.inventory.supersolarpanel.greencomponent.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Spectral Component
fe.protection.inventory.supersolarpanel.redcomponent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Spectral Component
fe.protection.inventory.supersolarpanel.solarsplitter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Light Splitter
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.EuMeterGT.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY GT EU meter
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.constructable.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Multiblock Machine Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.debugContainer.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug EM Container
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.definitionContainer.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY EM Recipe Hint
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.definitionScanStorage.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY EM Scan Storage
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.frontRotate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Front Rotation Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.em.parametrizerMemoryCard.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Parametrizer Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.tm.itemTeslaComponent.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Tesla Windings
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.tm.teslaCoilCapacitor.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Tesla Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.tm.teslaCover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tesla Coil Cover
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.item.tm.teslaStaff.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tesla Staff
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemBoltGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemBoltGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemDustGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemDustGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemDustSmallGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemDustTinyGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemGearGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemGearGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemIngotGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemIngotGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemNuggetGermanium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemNuggetGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemPlateDoubleGermanium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Germanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemPlateGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemPlateGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemRingGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemRingGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemRodGermanium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemRodGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemRodLongGermanium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Germanium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemRotorGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemRotorGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.tectech.itemScrewGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemScrewGermanium.name
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemAspect
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Aer Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ?eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plax Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Incendium
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redlon Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Void Steel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diffusion Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelIngot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Aeon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dogbearium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tinkersdefense.Heater_Shield.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.heatershield.name
fe.protection.inventory.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen's Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tinkersdefense.Round_Shield.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.roundshield.name
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.bigReactors.singularity.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blutonium Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.draconicEvolution.singularity.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.enderIO.singularity.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.extraPlanets.singularity.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Gem Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.extraTiC.singularity.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.extraUtilities.singularity.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.general.singularity.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.mekanism.singularity.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Glowstone Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.metallurgy.singularity.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bitumen Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.pneumaticCraft.singularity.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Iron Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.projectRed.singularity.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrotine Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.redstoneArsenal.singularity.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Crystal Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.tinkersConstruct.singularity.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Brass Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.universalsingularities.universal.vanilla.singularity.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.arthana.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arthana
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.babashat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bark Belt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.biomenote.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Beach
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biting Belt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.boline.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Boline
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brew.water.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brewbag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew Bag
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.canesword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cane Sword
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches' Brews
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Circle Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.coffin.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffin
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Hood
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Footwear
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathshand.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand of Death
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Earmuffs
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.garlic.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Goblet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.handbow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Icy Slippers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelabra
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Twisting Band
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.louse.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mirror.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Moon Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mutator.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystic Branch
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.playercompass.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Compass
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.poppet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.potion.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Antidote
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.silversword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Stone
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.stew.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.stewraw.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sun Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Taglock Kit
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchhand.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches Hand
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchhat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches' Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches Robes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                                      # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                               # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.AFSU.ALC.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE AFB
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Aether
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Air Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potion Flask
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Aquasalus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blank Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                        # (default: true) USE Offensa
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Ash
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bound Axe
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bound Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                                # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Shovel
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bucket of Life
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Orb of Testing
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crepitous
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crystallos
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Demon Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Demonic Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                          # (default: true) USE Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Divination Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaSecondTier.*                                           # (default: true) USE Energy Bazooka II
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBazookaThirdTier.*                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Bazooka III
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Blaster
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterSecondTier.*                                           # (default: true) USE Energy Blaster II
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBlasterThirdTier.*                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Blaster III
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Blade
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                         # (default: true) USE Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Imbued Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Incendium
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Alchemic Router
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                         # (default: true) USE Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Key of Binding
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lava Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magicales
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                                # (default: true) USE Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) USE Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sanctus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tenebrae
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Terrae
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) USE Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Void Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Water Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sunnarium
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.ArchitectureCraft.chisel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Architect's Chisel
fe.protection.use.ArchitectureCraft.cladding.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cladding
fe.protection.use.ArchitectureCraft.hammer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Architect's Hammer
fe.protection.use.ArchitectureCraft.largePulley.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Large Pulley
fe.protection.use.ArchitectureCraft.sawblade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Circular Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.Australia.australia.trigger.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ?6Alkalus ROM [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.use.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.use.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.use.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.use.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.use.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thinking Cap
fe.protection.use.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.use.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oculo Anima
fe.protection.use.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.use.Automagy.edible.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.use.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.use.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.use.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.use.Automagy.glyph.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.use.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.use.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.use.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.use.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Conflux Disc
fe.protection.use.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ember Heart
fe.protection.use.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.use.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Sliver of Air
fe.protection.use.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Akashic_Record.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Akashic Records
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Endest Pearl
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Infinity Pants
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE World Breaker
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Infinity Boots
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Planet Eater
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Matter Cluster
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Orb_Armok.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Blood Orb of Armok
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Singularity
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.big_pearl.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Extremely Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.use.Backpack.backpack.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Backpack
fe.protection.use.Backpack.boundLeather.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bound Leather
fe.protection.use.Backpack.tannedLeather.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tanned Leather
fe.protection.use.Backpack.workbenchbackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Workbench Backpack
fe.protection.use.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Miner's Ring
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                                # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                        # (default: true) USE Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                               # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack1.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack2.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack3.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack4.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsBoP.seatBack5.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack1.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack2.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack3.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack4.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsNatura.seatBack5.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.containerBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Missed Fluid
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.containerCan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Missed Fluid
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.containerCapsule.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Missed Fluid
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.containerCylinder.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Missed Fluid
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.containerGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Missed Fluid
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.containerRefractory.*                                                # (default: true) USE Missed Fluid
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.fieldKit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Field Kit
fe.protection.use.BinnieCore.genesis.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Genesis
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ancient Staff
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Muddy Axe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biome Essence
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Biome Radar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Muddy Boots
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.bucket.name
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dart
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dart Blower
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enderporter
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flippers
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Berry
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Empty Jar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Honey Jar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) USE Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mud Brick
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mud Ball
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mud Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Muddy Sword
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wading Boots
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.amorphic_catalyst.*                                                # (default: true) USE Amorphic Catalyst
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_burned_string.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blood Burned String
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_cookie.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Cookie
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blood Diamond
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Diamond Axe [WIP]
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_iron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_axe_wood.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_active.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Diamond (Active)
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_bound.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Diamond
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_diamond_unactive.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Diamond (Unactive)
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_glowstone_dust.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_iron.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_iron.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_pickaxe_wood.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_diamond.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_iron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_shovel_wood.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_stick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Stick
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Diamond Sword [WIP]
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_iron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_infused_sword_wood.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_money.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Blood Money x1
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.blood_orange.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Orange
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.bound_bow.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Bow
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.bound_diamond_shard.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bound Diamond Shard
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.bound_igniter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bound Igniter
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.bound_shears.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bound Shears
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.bound_sickle.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bound Sickle
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.empowered_sacrifice_amulet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Empowered Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.empowered_self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Empowered Self Sacrifice Amulet (Containing Mode)
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glass Boots
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glass Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glass Helmet
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Glass Leggings
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_sacrificial_dagger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Glass Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.glass_shard.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glass Shard
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.heart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Heart
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.item_blood_cake.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Cake
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.juice_and_cookies.*                                                # (default: true) USE Juice and Cookies
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_boots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Life Imbued Boots
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Life Imbued Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Life Imbued Helmet
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.life_imbued_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Life Imbued Leggings
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.orange_juice.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orange Juice
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.sacrifice_amulet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amulet of Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.self_sacrifice_amulet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Amulet of Self Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_augmented_holding.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of Augmented Holding
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_divinity.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sigil of Divinity
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_ender.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ender Sigil
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_lightning.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lightning Sigil
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.sigil_of_swimming.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sigil of Swimming
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.soul_booster.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Booster
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.soul_fragment.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Soul Fragment
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.soul_nullifier.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Soul Nullifier
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.transparent_orb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Transparent Orb
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.vampire_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Vampire Boots
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.vampire_cape.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Cape
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.vampire_greaves.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Vampire Greaves
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.vampire_ring.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Ring
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.wand_caps.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Iron Cap
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.wand_cores.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blood Infused Wooden Rod
fe.protection.use.BloodArsenal.wolf_hide.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wolf Hide
fe.protection.use.Botany.clay.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.Botany.database.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Botanist Database
fe.protection.use.Botany.insulatedTube.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cooper Insulated Tube
fe.protection.use.Botany.itemFlower.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Botany.misc.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Ash Powder
fe.protection.use.Botany.pigment.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Pigment
fe.protection.use.Botany.pollen.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Botany.seed.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Botany.soilMeter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Soil Meter
fe.protection.use.Botany.trowelDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.use.Botany.trowelGold.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gold Trowel
fe.protection.use.Botany.trowelIron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Trowel
fe.protection.use.Botany.trowelStone.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Stone Trowel
fe.protection.use.Botany.trowelWood.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blueprint
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Template
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                          # (default: true) USE List
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Map Location
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wood Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Board
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Robot
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                              # (default: true) USE Docking Station
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Package
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gate Copier
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                       # (default: true) USE Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*                # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                    # (default: true) USE Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                       # (default: true) USE Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                       # (default: true) USE Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                     # (default: true) USE Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                  # (default: true) USE Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                      # (default: true) USE Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                       # (default: true) USE Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                        # (default: true) USE Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*                 # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                     # (default: true) USE Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                      # (default: true) USE Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                       # (default: true) USE Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                   # (default: true) USE Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                     # (default: true) USE Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                        # (default: true) USE Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*                 # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                   # (default: true) USE Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*             # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Basic Gate
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lens (Black)
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pipe Plug
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Power Adapter
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                            # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn 
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Awakened Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chaos Shard
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chaotic Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Comet
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Axe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Boots
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Bow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Draconic Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                    # (default: true) USE Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Draconic Helm
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Sword
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dragon Heart
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Arrow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Key
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Item Dislocator
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mob Soul
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                         # (default: true) USE Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Solar Focus
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                      # (default: true) USE TCLogo
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                               # (default: true) USE Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crystal Binder
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wyvern Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.EMT.BaseBaubles.*                                                               # (default: true) USE ?2The One Ring
fe.protection.use.EMT.ChainsawStream.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Chainsaw of the Stream
fe.protection.use.EMT.ChargingFocus.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Charging
fe.protection.use.EMT.ChristmasFocus.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Kris-tmas
fe.protection.use.EMT.DiamondChainsaw.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.EMT.Diamond_Omnitool.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Omnitool
fe.protection.use.EMT.DrillRockbreaker.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Drill of the Rockbreaker
fe.protection.use.EMT.EMTBaubles.*                                                                # (default: true) USE ?2Armor Charging Ring
fe.protection.use.EMT.EMTItems.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Uranium Native Cluster.name
fe.protection.use.EMT.ElectricBootsTraveller.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electric Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.use.EMT.ElectricGogglesRevealing.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.EMT.ElectricHoeGrowth.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.use.EMT.ElectricScribingTools.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Electric Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.EMT.EnergyBallFocus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Energy Ball Focus
fe.protection.use.EMT.ExplosionFocus.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Explosion
fe.protection.use.EMT.FeatherWing.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Feather Duct-Taped Wings
fe.protection.use.EMT.Mjolnir.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Mjolnir
fe.protection.use.EMT.NanoBootsTraveller.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nanosuit Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.use.EMT.NanosuitGogglesRevealing.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nanosuit Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.EMT.NanosuitWing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nanosuit Wings
fe.protection.use.EMT.Omnitool.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Omnitool
fe.protection.use.EMT.QuantumBootsTraveller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quantum Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.use.EMT.QuantumGogglesRevealing.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Quantum Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.EMT.QuantumWing.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Quantum Wings
fe.protection.use.EMT.ShieldFocus.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shield
fe.protection.use.EMT.SolarHelmetRevealing.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Solar Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.EMT.SuperchargedMjolnir.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Supercharged Mjolnir
fe.protection.use.EMT.TaintedMjolnir.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Broken Relic of Mjolnir
fe.protection.use.EMT.ThaumiumChainsaw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.EMT.ThaumiumDrill.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Drill
fe.protection.use.EMT.ThaumiumOmnitool.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Omnitool
fe.protection.use.EMT.ThaumiumWing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumium Reinforced Wings
fe.protection.use.EMT.WandChargingFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Wand Charging
fe.protection.use.EMT.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Infused Quantum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                         # (default: true) USE Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                           # (default: true) USE Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dark Axe
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Boots
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dark Plate
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dark Helm
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Leggings
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dark Pick
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dark Shears
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE The Ender
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Broken Spawner
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Conduit Facade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Conduit Probe
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE "Enderios"
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Enderface
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                                # (default: true) USE Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Item Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ME Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Machine Chassis
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Electromagnet
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Silicon
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Coal Powder
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Energy Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soul Vial
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Experience Rod
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.use.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.EnderZoo.confusingDust.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Confusing Powder
fe.protection.use.EnderZoo.enderFragment.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ender Fragment
fe.protection.use.EnderZoo.enderZooIcon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.enderZooIcon.name
fe.protection.use.EnderZoo.guardiansBow.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Guardians Bow
fe.protection.use.EnderZoo.itemSpawnEggEnderZoo.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spawn Enderminy
fe.protection.use.EnderZoo.witheringDust.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Withering Dust
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.dictionary.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Apiarist Database
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cage.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Restraint Frame
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.clay.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Healing Frame
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.cocoa.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.debug.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nova Frame
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.hiveFrame.soul.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soul Frame
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.honeyComb.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Barren Comb
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.honeyDrop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Energy Drop
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.misc.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Scented Gear
fe.protection.use.ExtraBees.propolis.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Watery Propolis
fe.protection.use.ExtraTrees.database.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Arborist Database
fe.protection.use.ExtraTrees.databaseMoth.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.use.ExtraTrees.durableHammer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.use.ExtraTrees.food.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Crabapple
fe.protection.use.ExtraTrees.hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.use.ExtraTrees.misc.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                           # (default: true) USE Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Healing Axe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Division Sigil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Etheric Sword
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Glove
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Lasso
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Heating Coil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kikoku
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) USE ERR
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soul fragment
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Portable Scanner
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Precision Shears
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Watering Can
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.carbonDissolver.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fuel Dissolver
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.carbonLantern.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Non-electric Lantern
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.electricIncandescentLightBulb.*                                     # (default: true) USE Electric Incandescent Light Bulb
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.glowingFilament.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Glowing Filament
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.lightDebugTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lightblock Debug Tool
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.mantle.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mantle
fe.protection.use.FloodLights.rawFilament.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Filament
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wrath Shard
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Riding Crop
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Collar of Pain
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hexcoal
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tainted Rod
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ambrosia
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apatite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Apatite
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ash.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Ash
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Drone
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Princess
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Queen
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Beealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beverage.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Short Mead
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Broken Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Honey Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Juice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Biomass Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ethanol Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canIce.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Ice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Juice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canLava.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Lava Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canMead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mead Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Short Mead Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canWater.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Water Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.use.Forestry.carton.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Carton
fe.protection.use.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Catalogue
fe.protection.use.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.use.Forestry.crate.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Crate
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBarley.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlack.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlight.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryBlue.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryDusk.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryMalo.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerryRasp.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySky.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBerrySting.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockHeatsand.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlockTainted.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaBlueGlowshroom.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaGreenGlowshroom.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogBloodwood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogDarkwood.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogEucalyptus.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogFusewood.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogGhostwood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogHopseed.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogSakura.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaLogWillow.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaPotashApple.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaPurpleGlowshroom.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingBlood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingDarkwood.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingEucalyptus.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingFusewood.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingGhostwood.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingHopseed.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingMaple.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingPurpleheart.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingRedwood.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSakura.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingSilverbell.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingTiger.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNaturaSaplingWillow.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Proven Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Untreated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fruits.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Proven Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Habitat Locator
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Drop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Pot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honeydew
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Imprinter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.infuser.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Infuser
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shovel Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.letters.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Letter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mulch.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Mulch
fe.protection.use.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectacles
fe.protection.use.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.use.Forestry.peat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Phosphor
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pipette.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Pipette
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollen.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.propolis.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Propolis
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lava Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Refractory Wax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sapling.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.scoop.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Scoop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                              # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soldering Iron
fe.protection.use.Forestry.stamps.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.use.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Treealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wax Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wax Cast
fe.protection.use.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Pulp
fe.protection.use.Forestry.wrench.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.airFan.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.airVent.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.basicItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Single Solar Module
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.battery.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketFuel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.bucketOil.*                                               # (default: true) USE Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.buggy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Buggy
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.buggymat.*                                                # (default: true) USE Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.canister.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Canister
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.canvas.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Canvas
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.cheeseCurd.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cheese Curd
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.engine.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.flag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Flag
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.fuelCanisterPartial.*                                     # (default: true) USE Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.heavyPlating.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteBattery.*                                         # (default: true) USE Infinite Battery
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.infiniteOxygen.*                                          # (default: true) USE Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronIngot.*                                       # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.meteoricIronRaw.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.noseCone.*                                                # (default: true) USE Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.null.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oilCanisterPartial.*                                      # (default: true) USE Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oilExtractor.*                                            # (default: true) USE Portable Oil Extractor
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenConcentrator.*                                      # (default: true) USE Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenGear.*                                              # (default: true) USE Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenMask.*                                              # (default: true) USE Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankHeavyFull.*                                     # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankLightFull.*                                     # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.oxygenTankMedFull.*                                       # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.parachute.*                                               # (default: true) USE Parachute
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.rocketFins.*                                              # (default: true) USE Rocket Fins
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.schematic.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.sensorLens.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sensor Lens
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.spaceship.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.standardWrench.*                                          # (default: true) USE Standard Wrench
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steelPole.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Pole
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_axe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_boots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftCore.item.steel_sword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.atmosphericValve.*                                        # (default: true) USE Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.bucketSludge.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLN2.*                                      # (default: true) USE Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.canisterPartialLOX.*                                      # (default: true) USE Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.carbonFragments.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Desh Axe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Desh Boots
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Desh Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Desh Hoe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Desh Leggings
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPick.*                                                # (default: true) USE Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshPickSlime.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSpade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Desh Shovel
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.deshSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Desh Sword
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.grapple.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Grapple
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.heavyNoseCone.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.itemAstroMiner.*                                          # (default: true) USE Astro Miner
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.itemBasicAsteroids.*                                      # (default: true) USE Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.itemTier3Rocket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.methaneCanisterPartial.*                                  # (default: true) USE Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.null.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.orionDrive.*                                              # (default: true) USE Orion Drive
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.schematic.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.spaceshipTier2.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.thermalPadding.*                                          # (default: true) USE Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_axe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Titanium Axe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_boots.*                                          # (default: true) USE Titanium Boots
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.use.GalacticraftMars.item.titanium_sword.*                                          # (default: true) USE Titanium Sword
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.BarnardaCStrawberry.*                                          # (default: true) USE Unknow Fruits
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedCoal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Compressed Coal
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualAluminium.*                                      # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Aluminium
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedDualBronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Bronze
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedPlates.*                                             # (default: true) USE Compressed Adamantite
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.CompressedSDHD120.*                                            # (default: true) USE Compressed Alloy "SDHC-120"
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.GlowstoneDusts.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ceres Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate4.*                                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate5.*                                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate6.*                                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate7.*                                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.HeavyDutyPlate8.*                                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Ingots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adamantite Ingot
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ItemBioFuelCanister.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.biofuelCanisterPartial.name
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.JetPack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.LeadBattery.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lead Battery
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.MethaneBucket.*                                                # (default: true) USE Methane Bucket
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lander Tier 1
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lander Tier 2
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleLander3.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lander Tier 3
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallCanister.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blank Fuel Tank
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ModuleSmallFuelCanister.*                                      # (default: true) USE Small Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.QuantBow.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quant Bow
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.RocketParts.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Durable Nose Cone Tier 2
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier4.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier5.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier6.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier7.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.SchematicTier8.*                                               # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.SolarFlares.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Part Solar Flares
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Sulfur.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sulfur
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalClothT2.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.ThermalPaddingT2.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thermal Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier4Rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier5Rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier6Rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier7Rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Key.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.Tier8Rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Unknown Crystal Shard
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.UnknowWaterBucket.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bucket of Unknown Liquid
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_leg.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cobalt Leggins
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.cobaltum_plate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.lead_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lead Boots
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.lead_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lead Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.lead_leg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lead Leggins
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.lead_plate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.plasmaaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plasma Axe
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.plasmahoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plasma Hoe
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.plasmapickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Plasma Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.plasmashovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Plasma Shovel
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.plasmasword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Plasma Sword
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_gravityboots.*                                       # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_helmetglasses.*                                      # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_jetplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Jetpack
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_leg.*                                                # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Leggins
fe.protection.use.GalaxySpace.item.spacesuit_plate.*                                              # (default: true) USE SpaceSuit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Genetics.analyst.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Analyst
fe.protection.use.Genetics.database.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gene Database
fe.protection.use.Genetics.masterRegistry.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Master Registry
fe.protection.use.Genetics.misc.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.use.Genetics.registry.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Registry
fe.protection.use.Genetics.sequence.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.use.Genetics.serum.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Serum Vial
fe.protection.use.Genetics.serumArray.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Serum Array
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Advanced Drill (Mark I)
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.epicLappack.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Epic Lappack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                          # (default: true) USE GraviTool
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.itemPlasmaCell.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Plasma Cell [WIP]
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Relocator
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Plasma Cannon [WIP]
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Vajra
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                      # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                            # (default: true) USE Altar Nexus
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Arcane Shard
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                               # (default: true) USE Auricion
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                          # (default: true) USE Biome Compass
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blank Gem
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Charm of Power
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                            # (default: true) USE Charm Pouch
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Curse Amulet
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dry Splinter
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                             # (default: true) USE End Powder
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                          # (default: true) USE Enderman Head
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                           # (default: true) USE Endium Ingot
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Wand
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                       # (default: true) USE Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                                 # (default: true) USE Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dragon Essence
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Infernium
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                           # (default: true) USE Igneous Rock
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                                     # (default: true) USE Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                        # (default: true) USE Instability Orb
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                         # (default: true) USE Knowledge Note
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Living Matter
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                      # (default: true) USE Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                           # (default: true) USE Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                                  # (default: true) USE Potion of Instability
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                       # (default: true) USE Potion of Purity
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rune of Power
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) USE Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                       # (default: true) USE Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                          # (default: true) USE Spectral Tear
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stardust
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                          # (default: true) USE Temple Caller
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Transference Gem
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Steel)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Composite Vest
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE BatPack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Backpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Energypack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rubber Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                       # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bio Chaff
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCable.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Empty Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hydration Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coffee Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Industrial Credit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Containment Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Debug Item
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Sprayer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plantball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Grin Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Sticky Resin
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Hops
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lathing Tool
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Zero
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cold Coffee
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Stone Mug
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nano Saber
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iridium Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) USE CF Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Carbon Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Coal Chunk
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Plutonium
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Coil
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Rubber
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                               # (default: true) USE OD Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                            # (default: true) USE OV Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Scrap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Scrap Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iridium Shard
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Slag
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Static Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Steam Turbine
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                          # (default: true) USE TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                       # (default: true) USE TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                   # (default: true) USE TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                     # (default: true) USE TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                        # (default: true) USE TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) USE TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Terra Wart
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                          # (default: true) USE (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Forge Hammer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iridium Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE EU-Reader
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mining Laser
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Black Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brown Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Green Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lime Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orange Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pink Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Purple Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Red Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE White Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electric Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Tool Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Electric Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 235
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 238
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Weed
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Weed-EX
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crystal Memory
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                            # (default: true) USE MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.use.IC2.obscurator.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obscurator
fe.protection.use.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                            # (default: true) USE ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                        # (default: true) USE RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                     # (default: true) USE LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                         # (default: true) USE 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2.windmeter.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Windmeter
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                           # (default: true) USE 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                                 # (default: true) USE Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemInventoryScannerCard.*                                    # (default: true) USE Inventory Tracking Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                                 # (default: true) USE Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Text Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Time Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Range Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanillaMachineCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE Vanilla Machine Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemVanilliaKit.*                                             # (default: true) USE Vanilla Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) USE Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                         # (default: true) USE Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                      # (default: true) USE Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                        # (default: true) USE Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                     # (default: true) USE Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper to Steel Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.use.JABBA.mover.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                              # (default: true) USE B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Storage upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Sticker
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.backpack.thaumaturgeT2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.beeNugget.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.capsule.magic.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Magic Capsule
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.capsule.void.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Empty Void Capsule
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.comb.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Mundane Comb
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.drop.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameGentle.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gentle Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameMagic.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Magic Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameMetabolic.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameNecrotic.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameOblivion.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameResilient.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Resilient Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.frameTemporal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Temporal Frame
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.item.thaumiumGrafter.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thaumium Grafter
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.item.thaumiumScoop.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Scoop
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.jellyBabies.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.magnet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.miscResources.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lore Fragment
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.moonDial.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.pollen.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.propolis.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.use.MagicBees.wax.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Magic Wax
fe.protection.use.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.use.Natura.Natura.netherfood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potash Apple
fe.protection.use.Natura.barley.seed.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Barley Seeds
fe.protection.use.Natura.barleyBag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.Natura.barleyFood.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.Natura.berry.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Raspberry
fe.protection.use.Natura.berry.nether.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Blightberry
fe.protection.use.Natura.berryMedley.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Berry Medley
fe.protection.use.Natura.boneBag.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bonemeal Bag
fe.protection.use.Natura.carrotBag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carrot Bag
fe.protection.use.Natura.cottonBag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cotton Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.Natura.impmeat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Imphide
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.armor.impboots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impskin Boots
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.armor.imphelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.armor.impjerkin.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.armor.impleggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.axe.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.axe.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.axe.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.axe.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.axe.netherquartz.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.bow.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.bow.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.bow.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.bow.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.emptybowl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.flintandblaze.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.kama.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.kama.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.kama.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.kama.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.kama.netherquartz.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Kama
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.pickaxe.bloodwood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.pickaxe.darkwood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.pickaxe.fusewood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.pickaxe.ghostwood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.pickaxe.netherquartz.*                                            # (default: true) USE Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.shovel.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.shovel.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.shovel.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.shovel.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.shovel.netherquartz.*                                             # (default: true) USE Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.spawnegg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spawn Imp
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.stewbowl.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.stick.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.sword.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.sword.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.sword.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.sword.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.use.Natura.natura.sword.netherquartz.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.Natura.potatoBag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Potato Bag
fe.protection.use.Natura.redwoodDoorItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Redwood Door
fe.protection.use.Natura.saguaro.fruit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.use.Natura.wartBag.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Nether Wart Bag
fe.protection.use.Natura.waterdrop.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cactus Juice
fe.protection.use.Natura.wheatBag.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.NodalMechanics.item.nodalmechanics.matrix.*                                     # (default: true) USE Unattuned Node Matrix
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cartographer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crane Backpack
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crane Control
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cursor
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                            # (default: true) USE /dev/null
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Epic Eraser
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE XP Bucket
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pointer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden eye
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hang Glider
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Height Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                           # (default: true) USE World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Luggage
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pedometer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Badass Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Slimalyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sponge
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Squeegee
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Stencil
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tasty Clay
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                          # (default: true) USE EEPROM
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hover Boots
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.item.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Analyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Scrench
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                         # (default: true) USE Data Card
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Draw Plate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                             # (default: true) USE Circuit Plate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                      # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                                     # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                                # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                   # (default: true) USE Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                           # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                    # (default: true) USE Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                                # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                                   # (default: true) USE Recipe Plan
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                            # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                             # (default: true) USE Athame
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                         # (default: true) USE Peridot Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                            # (default: true) USE Ruby Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                        # (default: true) USE Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                           # (default: true) USE White Backpack
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                         # (default: true) USE Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                            # (default: true) USE Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                        # (default: true) USE Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                           # (default: true) USE White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                       # (default: true) USE Peridot Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*                  # (default: true) USE Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*                    # (default: true) USE Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*                     # (default: true) USE Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                          # (default: true) USE Ruby Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                      # (default: true) USE Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                         # (default: true) USE Peridot Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                            # (default: true) USE Ruby Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                        # (default: true) USE Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                        # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                       # (default: true) USE Peridot Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                          # (default: true) USE Ruby Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                      # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                            # (default: true) USE Wool Gin
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                        # (default: true) USE IC Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                             # (default: true) USE IC Chip
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                         # (default: true) USE White Fallout Light
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*                     # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                        # (default: true) USE White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*                    # (default: true) USE Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                          # (default: true) USE White Fixture
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                      # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*                     # (default: true) USE White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                          # (default: true) USE White Lantern
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                      # (default: true) USE Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                      # (default: true) USE White Illumar Button
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                               # (default: true) USE OR Gate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                        # (default: true) USE Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                         # (default: true) USE Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*                   # (default: true) USE Router Utility
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*                  # (default: true) USE Item Responder chip
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.controlPanel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Control Panel
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.emptySprayCan.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Empty Spray Can
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.miniatureButton.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Miniature White Button
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.miniatureCover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.gcewing_projectblue:miniatureCover
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.miniatureLamp.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Miniature White Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.miniatureLever.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Miniature White Lever
fe.protection.use.ProjectBlue.sprayCan.*                                                          # (default: true) USE White Spray Paint
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.blank_plate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Blank Plate
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.chip.location.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Location Chip
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.chip.transfer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Item Transfer Chip
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.chip.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Remote Camouflage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.io_tool.*                                                              # (default: true) USE IO Tool
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.linker.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Linker
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.pda.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE PDA
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.remoteAccessor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Remote Accessor
fe.protection.use.RIO.item.wireless_transmitter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) USE Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Batbox Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                    # (default: true) USE CESU Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE MFE Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                               # (default: true) USE Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creosote Can
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Cell
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                            # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bleached Clay
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Meter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.notepad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Label
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bloodstone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Drop Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Block Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Flask of Poison
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Player Core
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectre Boots
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectre Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Stone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.ic2Capacitor.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ridiculously Large Capacitor
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.naquadah.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Naquadah
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.naquadahIngot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.sgChevronUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.sgControllerCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.sgCoreCrystal.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.sgIrisBlade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.use.SGCraft.sgIrisUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.use.SpiceOfLife.bookfoodjournal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Food Journal
fe.protection.use.SpiceOfLife.lunchbag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lunch Bag
fe.protection.use.SpiceOfLife.lunchbox.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lunch Box
fe.protection.use.StevesAddons.duplicator.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Manager Duplicator
fe.protection.use.StevesAddons.labeler.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Factory Labeler
fe.protection.use.StevesCarts.CartModule.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Coal Engine
fe.protection.use.StevesCarts.ModularCart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Modular cart
fe.protection.use.StevesCarts.ModuleComponents.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Personal Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Concealment Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Packing Tape
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                                # (default: true) USE Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Drawer Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Upgrade Template
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Void Upgrade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Battleaxe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Battlesign
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.binding.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Binding
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank Pattern
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Boots
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bowstring
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutlass
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Dagger
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Excavator
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Feather Fletching
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Frying Pan
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Pan
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gear Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hatchet
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Canister
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Knapsack
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Longsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lumber Axe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.materials.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Paper Stack
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mattock
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ingot Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Potion Launcher
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Scythe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shovel
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Shard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartArrowHead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Unknown Arrow Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartAxeHead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Unknown Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBinding.*                                               # (default: true) USE Unknown Tool Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartBowLimb.*                                               # (default: true) USE Unknown Bow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChiselHead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Chisel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartChunk.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Unknown Shard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbar.*                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown Crossbar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowBody.*                                          # (default: true) USE Unknown Crossbow Body (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartCrossbowLimb.*                                          # (default: true) USE Unknown Crossbow Limb (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartExcavatorHead.*                                         # (default: true) USE Unknown Excavator Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFrypanHead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Pan (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartFullGuard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Unknown Full Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartHammerHead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Hammer Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartKnifeBlade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Knife Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeGuard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Wide Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargePlate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Large Plate (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLargeSwordBlade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Unknown Large Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartLumberHead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Broad Axe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartMediumGuard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Unknown Hand Guard (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartPickaxeHead.*                                           # (default: true) USE Unknown Pickaxe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartScytheHead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Scythe Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShovelHead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Shovel Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartShuriken.*                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown Shuriken (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSignHead.*                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown Sign Head (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartSwordBlade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unknown Sword Blade (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToolRod.*                                               # (default: true) USE Unknown Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughBind.*                                             # (default: true) USE Unknown Tough Binding (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tGregToolPartToughRod.*                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown Tough Tool Rod (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.TGregworks.tgregworks.shardcast.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shard Cast
fe.protection.use.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Length of Wire
fe.protection.use.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spool of Wire
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magic Funguar
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                               # (default: true) USE Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                          # (default: true) USE Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                             # (default: true) USE Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                               # (default: true) USE Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                                # (default: true) USE Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Focus Pouch
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vis Stone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Arcane Door
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Axe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottled Taint
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bow of Bone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Phial
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemFakeLootbag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Common Treasure
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                                # (default: true) USE Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Straw Golem
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                             # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Hoe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Common Treasure
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mana Bean
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beef Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fish Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pork Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Primal Crusher
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Research Notes
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Alumentum
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Protection
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sanity Checker
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Air Shard
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Shovel
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Blade
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Sword
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumometer
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Air Arrow
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Cap
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amber Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                             # (default: true) USE Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                                # (default: true) USE Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ring of Aer
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                             # (default: true) USE Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Taintberry
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                               # (default: true) USE Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                          # (default: true) USE Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                                     # (default: true) USE Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.Golemancy_Bell_TH.*                                             # (default: true) USE Golemancer's Bell_TH
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cow
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.vat.name
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incubated Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Animated Golem
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                             # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Injector
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lens Case
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Illumine Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Echo Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Node Opener
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Planar Conduit
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Suicide Injection
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Syringe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Warded Syringe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                              # (default: true) USE Injection
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Putty
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.use.ThaumicMachina.nodeAugmentation.*                                               # (default: true) USE Node Augmentation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicMachina.wandAugmentationCore.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wand Augmentation Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicMachina.wandCore.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.wandCore.celestial.name
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Feline Amulet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                             # (default: true) USE Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Transvector Binder
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Imbued Grain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                                # (default: true) USE Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Potion of Aer
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Infused Seeds
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ichor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Aspect
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                               # (default: true) USE Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Protoclay
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Mould
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.use.ToxicEverglades.everglades.trigger.*                                            # (default: true) USE ?6Alkalus Disk [?cActivated?6]
fe.protection.use.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.use.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cloak
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arctic Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Arctic Fur
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arctic Hood
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                               # (default: true) USE Armor Shard
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                              # (default: true) USE Borer Essence
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Carminite
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                                # (default: true) USE Block and Chain
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Charm of Life I
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Charm of Life II
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crumble Horn
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                              # (default: true) USE Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                             # (default: true) USE Experiment 115
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Blood
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Legs
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Tears
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Giant's Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glass Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hydra Chop
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ice Bomb
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ice Bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ice Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Knightly Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knightly Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knightly Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knightly Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knightly Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knightly Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                           # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Liveroot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magic Beans
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magic Map #0
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Maze Map #0
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                              # (default: true) USE Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Maze Wafer
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mazebreaker
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Meef
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Meef Steak
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                            # (default: true) USE Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                             # (default: true) USE Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naga Scale
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ore Magnet
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                               # (default: true) USE Phantom Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Phantom Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                          # (default: true) USE Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                           # (default: true) USE Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                             # (default: true) USE Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Seeker Bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                              # (default: true) USE Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raven's Feather
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                              # (default: true) USE Torchberries
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tower Key
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                           # (default: true) USE Transformation Powder
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tri-bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                             # (default: true) USE Venison Steak
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Yeti Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Private Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wireless Remote
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                             # (default: true) USE REP
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE REther Pearl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Bowl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.amulet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purification Talisman
fe.protection.use.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.cleanser.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pure Tear
fe.protection.use.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.paper.*                                              # (default: true) USE Arcane Litmus Paper
fe.protection.use.WarpTheory.item.warptheory.something.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hunk of Something
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedScribingTools.*                                 # (default: true) USE Illuminated Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                               # (default: true) USE Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cloak
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                               # (default: true) USE Native Uraninite Cluster
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Inert Gem
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Kama
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sweetwart
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                              # (default: true) USE Yarn
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Primordial Greataxe
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Boots
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Cuirass
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                      # (default: true) USE Primordial Warhammer
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                        # (default: true) USE Primordial Helm
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                        # (default: true) USE Primordial Greaves
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Claymore
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                            # (default: true) USE Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.use.Ztones.minicharcoal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mini Charcoal
fe.protection.use.Ztones.minicoal.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mini Coal
fe.protection.use.Ztones.ofanix.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Ofanix
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.adventureBackpack.*                                           # (default: true) USE Adventure Backpack
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.adventureHat.*                                                # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Fedora
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.adventurePants.*                                              # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Pants
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.adventureSuit.*                                               # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Suit
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.backpackComponent.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.adventurebackpack:backpackComponent
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.backpackHose.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hose: Useless / No Backpack
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.clockworkCrossbow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Clockwork Crossbow
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.coalJetpack.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coal Jetpack
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.copterPack.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Copter Pack
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.machete.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Machete
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.melonJuiceBottle.*                                            # (default: true) USE Melon Juice Bottle
fe.protection.use.adventurebackpack.pistonBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Piston Boots
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Magnet Card
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                             # (default: true) USE 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                              # (default: true) USE 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                              # (default: true) USE 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                             # (default: true) USE 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                              # (default: true) USE Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                   # (default: true) USE Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                    # (default: true) USE This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                        # (default: true) USE ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                        # (default: true) USE Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                      # (default: true) USE 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                       # (default: true) USE 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                        # (default: true) USE 2? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                         # (default: true) USE View Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                    # (default: true) USE Biometric Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                         # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                                # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                                # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charged Staff
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                               # (default: true) USE Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                       # (default: true) USE Matter Cannon
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                       # (default: true) USE Memory Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                         # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                                # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                                # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                      # (default: true) USE Network Tool
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                     # (default: true) USE Portable Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BWPumpParts.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Elongated Glass Tube
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BW_CombinedRotor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Combined Primitive Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BW_LeatherRotor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Primitive Leather Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BW_PaperRotor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Primitive Paper Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BW_SimpleWindMeter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Simple Wind Meter
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BW_WoolRotor.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Primitive Wool Rotor (Wind only)
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BioLabModules.*                                                       # (default: true) USE DNA Extraction Module
fe.protection.use.bartworks.BioLabParts.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sterilized Petri Dish
fe.protection.use.bartworks.bw.THTRMaterials.*                                                    # (default: true) USE BISO pebble compund
fe.protection.use.bartworks.craftingParts.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Grindstone Top Piece
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.BWCircuitProgrammer.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.Core_Reactor_Cell.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.Core_Reactor_CellDep.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.Double_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.Double_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.GT2Destructopack.*                                                 # (default: true) USE gt.GT2Destructopack.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.Tiberiumcell.*                                                     # (default: true) USE gt.Tiberiumcell.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.TiberiumcellDep.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.TiberiumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.*                              # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.*                        # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedGTEnhancementcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedItem0.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedbolt.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsule.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.*                                     # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcapsuleMolten.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcell.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.*                                        # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcellMolten.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushed.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.*                                # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedCentrifuged.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.*                                   # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedcrushedPurified.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGenerateddust.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.*                                        # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGenerateddustImpure.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.*                                          # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGenerateddustPure.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.*                                         # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGenerateddustSmall.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.*                                          # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGenerateddustTiny.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGt.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgearGtSmall.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.*                                               # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgem.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.*                                        # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemChipped.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.*                                      # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemExquisite.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.*                                         # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawed.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedgemFlawless.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedingot.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotDouble.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.*                                          # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotHot.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.*                                    # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.*                                    # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedingotTriple.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedlens.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratednugget.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedplate.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.*                                        # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDense.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateDouble.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.*                                    # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuadruple.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.*                                    # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateQuintuple.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedplateTriple.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedring.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedrotor.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedscrew.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedspring.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedspringSmall.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedstick.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.*                                         # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedstickLong.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.*                                    # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadHammer.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.*                                       # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadSaw.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.*                                    # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedtoolHeadWrench.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.*                                          # (default: true) USE gt.bwMetaGeneratedwireFine.0.name
fe.protection.use.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_HV.*                                          # (default: true) USE Rockcutter HV
fe.protection.use.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_LV.*                                          # (default: true) USE Rockcutter LV
fe.protection.use.bartworks.item.GT_Rockcutter_Item_MV.*                                          # (default: true) USE Rockcutter MV
fe.protection.use.bartworks.tabIconGT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.chain.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Chain
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.dagger.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.dagger.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Dagger
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.dagger.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Dagger
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.dagger.stone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Dagger
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.dagger.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.heraldric.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Heraldic Icon
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.knights_armour.boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knight's Boots
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.knights_armour.helmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knight's Helmet
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.knights_armour.legs.*                                               # (default: true) USE Knight's Leggings
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.knights_armour.plate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knight's Plate
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.mace.diamond.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Mace
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.mace.gold.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Golden Mace
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.mace.iron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Mace
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.mace.stone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Mace
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.mace.wood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Mace
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.mb.arrow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.quiver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Quiver
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.shield.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Shield
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.shield.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Shield
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.shield.hide.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hide Shield
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.shield.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Shield
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.shield.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shield
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.spear.diamond.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Spear
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.spear.gold.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Spear
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.spear.iron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Spear
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.spear.stone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Spear
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.spear.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Spear
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.waraxe.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Waraxe
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.waraxe.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Waraxe
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.waraxe.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Waraxe
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.waraxe.stone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Waraxe
fe.protection.use.battlegear2.waraxe.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Waraxe
fe.protection.use.berriespp.BppPotions.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bottled Fermented Wheat
fe.protection.use.berriespp.Modifier.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Space Flower
fe.protection.use.berriespp.foodBerries.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Huckleberry
fe.protection.use.berriespp.foodGoldfish.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Goldfish
fe.protection.use.berriespp.itemLens.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Plant Lens
fe.protection.use.berriespp.itemSpade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Spade
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Wand
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Wand
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Wand
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.use.betterquesting.extra_life.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Extra Life
fe.protection.use.betterquesting.guide_book.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Better Questing Starter Guide
fe.protection.use.betterquesting.placeholder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Item Placeholder
fe.protection.use.bq_standard.loot_chest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Loot Chest
fe.protection.use.catwalkmod.blowtorch.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Blowtorch ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.use.catwalkmod.ropeLight.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Light Rope ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.use.catwalkmod.steelGrate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Steel grate ?4(OUTDATED)
fe.protection.use.catwalks.blowtorch.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Blowtorch
fe.protection.use.catwalks.cautionTape.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Caution Tape
fe.protection.use.catwalks.ropeLight.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rope Light
fe.protection.use.catwalks.steelgrate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Grate
fe.protection.use.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.use.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Smashing Rock
fe.protection.use.chisel.upgrade.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumBlade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.use.compactkineticgenerators.IridiumRotor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.dockingUpgrade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Drone Docking Upgrade
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.droneStation.*                                        # (default: true) USE Drone Docking Station
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.gt_parts.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chromium Dioxide Tape Reel
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.ocParts.*                                             # (default: true) USE Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.ocSpecialParts.*                                      # (default: true) USE Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.parts.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tape Track
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.partsForestry.*                                       # (default: true) USE Caustic Comb
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.portableTapeDrive.*                                   # (default: true) USE Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.relaySensor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.use.computronics.computronics.tape.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cassette Tape
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.GTNHBioItems.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Collagen
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Concrete_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bucket of Concrete
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                          # (default: true) USE Bucket of radioactive Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge_bucket.*                         # (default: true) USE Bucket of Fermented Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_NitricAcid_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Nitric Acid
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_Pollution_bucket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bucket of Pollution
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium_bucket.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bucket of Sodium Potassium (NaK)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilter.*                                              # (default: true) USE Adsorption filter
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterCasing.*                                        # (default: true) USE Adsorption filter casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdsorptionFilterDirty.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty adsorption filter
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedBoard.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Empty Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrick.*                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedCokeOvenBrickDust.*                                     # (default: true) USE Advanced Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AdvancedProcessorBoard.*                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Processor Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumBars.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Aluminium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumIronPlate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AluminiumItemCasing.*                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminium Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AluminoSilicateWool.*                                           # (default: true) USE Alumino Silicate Wool
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AlumiteDust.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Alumite Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ApprenticeOrb.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Apprentice Orb
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ArcaneSlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Arcane Slate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ArchmageOrb.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Archmage Orb
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ArditePlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ardite Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.AsteroidsStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) USE Asteroid Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaEStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) USE Barnarda E Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BarnardaFStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) USE Barnarda F Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumIronPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BedrockiumPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BioBall.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bio Ball
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BioCarbonPlate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bio Carbon Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BioChunk.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bio Chunk
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BioOrganicMesh.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bio Organic Mesh
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumCompressedPlate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Compressed Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDensePlate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Dense Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumDust.*                                            # (default: true) USE Black Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BlackPlutoniumPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Plutonium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BlankPlatedChip.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blank Plated Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Blaster.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Blaster
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BloodVial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Vial
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BowFletchingCast.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bow Fletching Cast
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.BowStringCast.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bow String Cast
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceColdIngot.*                                          # (default: true) USE Callisto Cold Ice Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceCompressedPlate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Compressed Callisto Ice Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDensePlate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Callisto Ice Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIceIngot.*                                              # (default: true) USE Callisto Ice Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoIcePlate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Callisto Cold Ice Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CallistoStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) USE Callisto Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Carbon Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carbon Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Carbon Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartHelmetNightVision.*                                   # (default: true) USE Carbon Parts "Helmet Night Vision"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarbonPartLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Carbon Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteChip.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Carminite Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CarminiteFragment.*                                             # (default: true) USE Carminite Fragment
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CentauriAStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) USE Centauri A Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CentauriASurfaceDust.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centauri A Surface Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CeresStoneDust.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ceres Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzDust.*                                       # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzPlate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedCertusQuartzRod.*                                        # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedMechanistWandCap.*                                       # (default: true) USE Charged Mechanist Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSilverWandCap.*                                          # (default: true) USE Charged Silver Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedSojournerWandCap.*                                       # (default: true) USE Charged Sojourner Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedThaumiumWandCap.*                                        # (default: true) USE Charged Thaumium  Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChargedVoidWandCap.*                                            # (default: true) USE Charged Void  Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChromeBars.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chrome Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChromeIronPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ChromeItemCasing.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chrome Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CobbleStoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventure.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coin "The Explorer 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureI.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Explorer 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureII.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coin "The Explorer 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coin "The Explorer 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinAdventureIV.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coin "The Explorer 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBees.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Coin "The Beekeeper 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesI.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "The Beekeeper 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesII.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Beekeeper 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Beekeeper 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBeesIV.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Beekeeper 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "Blank 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankI.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "Blank 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "Blank 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "Blank 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlankIV.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "Blank 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBlood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "The Vampire 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodI.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Vampire 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Vampire 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Vampire 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinBloodIV.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Vampire 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemist.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Chemist 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistI.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Chemist 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistII.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coin "The Chemist 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIII.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Chemist 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChemistIV.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coin "The Chemist 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierI.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chunkloader Coin Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierII.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chunkloader Coin Tier II
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIII.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chunkloader Coin Tier III
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierIV.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chunkloader Coin Tier IV
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinChunkloaderTierV.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chunkloader Coin Tier V
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinCook.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Coin "The Cook 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookI.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "The Cook 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookII.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Cook 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Cook 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinCookIV.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Cook 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Dark Wizard 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardI.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coin "The Dark Wizard 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coin "The Dark Wizard 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIII.*                                             # (default: true) USE Coin "The Dark Wizard 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinDarkWizardIV.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coin "The Dark Wizard 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Farmer 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerI.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Farmer 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Farmer 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIII.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coin "The Farmer 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinFarmerIV.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Farmer 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestry.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Forest Ranger 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryI.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coin "The Forest Ranger 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryII.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Forest Ranger 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIII.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coin "The Forest Ranger 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinForestryIV.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Forest Ranger 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmith.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "Blacksmith 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithI.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "Blacksmith 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "Blacksmith 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "Blacksmith 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSmithIV.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "Blacksmith 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpace.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "The Space Invaders 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceI.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "The Space Invaders 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Space Invaders 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Space Invaders 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSpaceIV.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "The Space Invaders 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "The Survivor 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorI.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coin "The Survivor 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorII.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Survivor 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIII.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coin "The Survivor 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinSurvivorIV.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Survivor 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnician.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coin "The Technician 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianI.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coin "The Technician 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coin "The Technician 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIII.*                                             # (default: true) USE Coin "The Technician 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinTechnicianIV.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coin "The Technician 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitch.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coin "Spirit 1"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchI.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Coin "Spirit 10"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchII.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "Spirit 100"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coin "Spirit 1000"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CoinWitchIV.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coin "Spirit 10K"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CokeOvenBrickDust.*                                             # (default: true) USE Coke Oven Brick Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CompressedBioBall.*                                             # (default: true) USE Compressed Bio Ball
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ConductiveIronBars.*                                            # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CopperDualCompressedPlates.*                                    # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Copper Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CopperWandCap.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.CrimsonStainedClothCap.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crimson-Stained Cloth Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.DeimosStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Deimos Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.DeshDualCompressedPlates.*                                      # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Desh Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.DiamondCoreChip.*                                               # (default: true) USE Item Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.DiamondDrillTip.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Drill Tip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.DiamondFluidCoreChip.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fluid Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Display.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Display
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.DraconiumEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Enriched Draconium Egg
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EMT.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Electro Magic Tool
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EdibleSalt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Edible Salt
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ElectricBoatHull.*                                              # (default: true) USE Electric Boat Hull
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ElectricalSteelBars.*                                           # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ElectrotineWire.*                                               # (default: true) USE Electrotine Wire
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedCoreChip.*                                       # (default: true) USE Item Circuit Tier III
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldAdvancedFluidCoreChip.*                                  # (default: true) USE Fluid Circuit Tier II
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EmeraldHighAdvancedCoreChip.*                                   # (default: true) USE Item Circuit Tier IV
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Empty1080SpCell.*                                               # (default: true) USE 1080K Space Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Empty180SpCell.*                                                # (default: true) USE 180K Space Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Empty360SpCell.*                                                # (default: true) USE 360K Space Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Empty540SpCell.*                                                # (default: true) USE 540K Space Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusIceDust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enceladus Ice Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnceladusStoneDust.*                                            # (default: true) USE Enceladus Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnchantedClothCap.*                                             # (default: true) USE Enchanted Cloth Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnderEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ender Egg
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBars.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Enderium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnderiumBaseBars.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enderium Base Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnergeticAlloyBars.*                                            # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineCore.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Engine Core
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorEssentiaPulsatingCore.*                     # (default: true) USE Essentia Processor Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidDiamondCore.*                          # (default: true) USE Fluid Processor Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorFluidEmeraldCore.*                          # (default: true) USE Fluid Processor Tier II
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemAdvEmeraldCore.*                        # (default: true) USE Item Processor Tier IV
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemDiamondCore.*                           # (default: true) USE Item Processor Tier II
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorItemEmeraldCore.*                           # (default: true) USE Item Processor Tier III
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngineeringProcessorSpatialPulsatingCore.*                      # (default: true) USE Spatial Processor Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngravedDiamondCrystalChip.*                                    # (default: true) USE Engraved Diamond Crystal Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngravedEnergyChip.*                                            # (default: true) USE Engraved Energy Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngravedGoldChip.*                                              # (default: true) USE Engraved Gold Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngravedManyullynCrystalChip.*                                  # (default: true) USE Engraved Manyullyn Crystal Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EngravedQuantumChip.*                                           # (default: true) USE Engraved Quantum Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaNeutroniumSunnariumAlloy.*                     # (default: true) USE Enriched Naquadria Neutronium Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedNaquadriaSunnariumAlloy.*                               # (default: true) USE Enriched Naquadria Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnrichedXSunnariumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Enriched X Sunnarium Alloy
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EnvironmentalCircuit.*                                          # (default: true) USE Environmental Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EssentiaCircuit.*                                               # (default: true) USE Essentia Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EtchedInsaneVoltageWiring.*                                     # (default: true) USE Etched Insane Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLowVoltageWiring.*                                        # (default: true) USE Etched Low Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EtchedLudicrousVoltageWiring.*                                  # (default: true) USE Etched Ludicrous Voltage Wiring
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EuropaIceDust.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Europa Ice Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.EuropaStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Europa Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ExtraLargeFuelCanister.*                                        # (default: true) USE Extra Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ExtruderShapeBoat.*                                             # (default: true) USE Extruder Shape (Boat)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.FieryBloodDrop.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Blood Drop
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.GanymedStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ganymed Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.GeneticCircuit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Genetic Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.GlowingMarshmallow.*                                            # (default: true) USE Glowing Marshmallow
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.GoldCoreChip.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Item Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.GoldWandCap.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gold Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HaumeaStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Haumea Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT4.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T4
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT5.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T5
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT6.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T6
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT7.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T7
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT8.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T8
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyAlloyIngotT9.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Alloy Ingot T9
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier3.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 3
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyNoseConeTier4.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Nose Cone Tier 4
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier4.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate Tier 4
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier5.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate Tier 5
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier6.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate Tier 6
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier7.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate Tier 7
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyPlateTier8.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Plate Tier 8
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier3.*                                    # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 3
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketEngineTier4.*                                    # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Rocket Engine Tier 4
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier3.*                                      # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 3
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HeavyDutyRocketFinsTier4.*                                      # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Rocket Fins Tier 4
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyCircuitParts.*                                        # (default: true) USE High Energy Circuit Parts
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HighEnergyFlowCircuit.*                                         # (default: true) USE High Energy Flow Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.HotNetherrackBrick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hot Netherrack Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IceCompressedPlate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Compressed Ice Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IceDualCompressedPlates.*                                       # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Ice Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IchoriumCap.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ichorium Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IndustryFrame.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Industry Bee Frame
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.InfernalBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Infernal Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IoStoneDust.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Io Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IridiumAlloyItemCasing.*                                        # (default: true) USE Iridium Alloy Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IridiumBars.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iridium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IridiumItemCasing.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iridium Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IronDualCompressedPlates.*                                      # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Iron Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IronWandCap.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedAluminiumPlate.*                             # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedBedrockiumPlate.*                            # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Bedrockium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedChromePlate.*                                # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Chrome Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNaquadriaPlate.*                             # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Naquadria Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedNeutroniumPlate.*                            # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Neutronium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTitaniumPlate.*                              # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Titanium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenPlate.*                              # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.IrradiantReinforcedTungstenSteelPlate.*                         # (default: true) USE Irradiant Reinforced Tungsten Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LapotronDust.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapotron Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LargeFuelCanister.*                                             # (default: true) USE Large Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LaserEmitter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Laser Emitter
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LeadNickelPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Compressed Lead-Nickel Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LeadOriharukonPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Compressed Lead-Oriharukon Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LedoxColdIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cold Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LedoxCompressedPlate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Compressed Ledox Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDensePlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dense Ledox Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LedoxDust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ledox Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LedoxIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ledox Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LedoxPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ledox Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LichBone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lich Bone
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneChip.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lich Bone Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LichBoneFragment.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lich Bone Fragment
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LightAxeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Light Axe Head
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LightBinding.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Light Binding
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LightPickaxeHead.*                                              # (default: true) USE Light Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LightShaft.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Light Shaft
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LightSwordBlade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Light Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LogicProcessorItemGoldCore.*                                    # (default: true) USE Item Processor Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LongObsidianRod.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.LongStoneRod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MaceratedPlantmass.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plant mass
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MagicianOrb.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Magician Orb
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MakeMakeStoneDust.*                                             # (default: true) USE MakeMake Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MalformedSlush.*                                                # (default: true) USE Malformed Slush
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ManyullynPlate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MarsStoneDust.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mars Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Marshmallow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Semi-stable Marshmallow
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowForm.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mold (Marshmallow)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MarshmallowFormMold.*                                           # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Marshmallow Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MasterOrb.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Master Orb
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MedalBuilder.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Medal - Excellent Builder
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MedalDerp.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Medal - Darwin award
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MedalEngineer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Medal - Engineer Supreme
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MedalGTExplosion.*                                              # (default: true) USE Medal - Official GT Player
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MedalWarp.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Medal - Nanananananananana... WarpMan!
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MediumFuelCanister.*                                            # (default: true) USE Medium Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MercuryCoreDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mercury Core Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MercuryStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mercury Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronDualCompressedPlates.*                              # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Meteoric Iron Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MeteoricIronString.*                                            # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron String
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedPulp.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mica Based Pulp
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MicaBasedSheet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mica Based Sheet
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorFoil.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mica Insulator Foil
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MicaInsulatorSheet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mica Insulator Sheet
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MirandaStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Miranda Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mold (Boots)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mold (Chestplate)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Anvil Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormArrowHead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Arrow Head Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBaguette.*                                              # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Baguette Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBall.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Ball Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Block Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBolt.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form(Bolt Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mold Form Boots
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBottle.*                                                # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Bottle Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBread.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Bread Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormBuns.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Buns Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCasing.*                                                # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Casing Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mold Form Chestplate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCoinage.*                                               # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Coinage Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormCylinder.*                                              # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Cylinder Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormGear.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Gear Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mold Form Helmet
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormIngot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Ingot Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormLeggings.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mold Form Leggings
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormName.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Name Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormNuggets.*                                               # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Nuggets Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeHuge.*                                              # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Huge Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeLarge.*                                             # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Large Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeMedium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Normal Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeSmall.*                                             # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Small Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPipeTiny.*                                              # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Plate Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRing.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Ring Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRotor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Rotor Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormRound.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form(Round Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormScrew.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form(Screw Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormSmallGear.*                                             # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Small Gear Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form(Stick Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormStickLong.*                                             # (default: true) USE Casting Form(Long Stick Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldFormTurbineBlade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Turbine Blade Mold)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mold (Helmet)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoldLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mold (Leggings)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MoonStoneDust.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Moon Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MushroomPowder.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MutatedEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mutated Egg
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mysterious Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalColdIngot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cold Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalCompressedPlate.*                              # (default: true) USE Compressed Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDensePlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Dense Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDualCompressedPlates.*                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Mysterious Crystal Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalDust.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mysterious Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemExquisite.*                                 # (default: true) USE Exquisite Probable Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalGemFlawless.*                                  # (default: true) USE Flawless Unknown Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalIngot.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mysterious Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalLens.*                                         # (default: true) USE Quite Certain Crystal Lens
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MysteriousCrystalPlate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mysterious Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCompressedPlate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDensePlate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dense Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDualCompressedPlates.*                                    # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Mytryl Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylDust.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mytryl Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylHotIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hot Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylIngot.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mytryl Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.MytrylPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mytryl Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleChip.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NagaScaleFragment.*                                             # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Fragment
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoBoard.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Empty Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoChestJetPack.*                                              # (default: true) USE Nano Chest Jet Pack
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoCircuit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nano Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nano Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoPlatedLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Nano Plated Leggings
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoProcessorBoard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Nano Processor Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoRubberBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nano Rubber Boots
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NanoScubaHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nano Scuba Helme
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NaquadriaIronPlate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NetherStarFragment.*                                            # (default: true) USE Nether Star Fragment
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorParts.*                                         # (default: true) USE Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NeutronReflectorSmallParts.*                                    # (default: true) USE Small Neutron Reflector Parts
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumBars.*                                                # (default: true) USE Neutronium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumIronPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.NeutroniumItemCasing.*                                          # (default: true) USE Neutronium Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Nothing.*                                                       # (default: true) USE You got nothing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.OberonStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Oberon Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumBars.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.OsmiumItemCasing.*                                              # (default: true) USE Osmium Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.OvenGlove.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.OvenGlove.name
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PhobosStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Phobos Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PicoWafer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pico Wafer
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PikoCircuit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Piko Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PistonPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Piston Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PlutoIceDust.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pluto Ice Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PlutoStoneDust.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pluto Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PotassiumHydroxideDust.*                                        # (default: true) USE Potassium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PrimordialPearlFragment.*                                       # (default: true) USE Inert Pearl Fragment
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ProteusStoneDust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Proteus Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingIronBars.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pulsating Iron Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.PulsatingSpatialCoreChip.*                                      # (default: true) USE Spatial Circuit Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumCompressedPlate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Compressed Quantium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDensePlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dense Quantium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDualCompressedPlates.*                                 # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Quantium Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumDust.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Quantium Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumHotIngot.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hot Quantium Ingot
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumPlate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quantium Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantinumRod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Quantium Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumBoard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCircuit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quantum Circuit
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quantum Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartBoots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quantum Parts "Boots"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Quantum Parts "Chestplate"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Quantum Parts "Helmet"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartHelmetEmpty.*                                        # (default: true) USE Quantum Parts "Helmet Empty"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumPartLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) USE Quantum Parts "Leggings"
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.QuantumProcessorBoard.*                                         # (default: true) USE Quantum Processor Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawBioFiber.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Bio Fiber
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawLapotronCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawMytryl.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Mytryl Crystal
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawNeutronium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier1.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Orb Tier I
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier2.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Orb Tier II
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier3.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Orb Tier III
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier4.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Orb Tier IV
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier5.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Orb Tier V
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawOrbTier6.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Orb Tier VI
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawPicoWafer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Pico Wafer
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RawSDHCAlloy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw "SDHC-120" Alloy
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.RedstoneAlloyBars.*                                             # (default: true) USE Redstone Alloy Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedAluminiumIronPlate.*                                  # (default: true) USE Reinforced Aluminium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedBedrockiumIronPlate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Reinforced Bedrockium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedChromeIronPlate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Reinforced Chrome-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassLense.*                                          # (default: true) USE Reinforced Glass Lens
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedGlassPlate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Reinforced Glass Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedIridiumDrillTip.*                                     # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iridium Drill Tip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNaquadriaIronPlate.*                                  # (default: true) USE Reinforced Naquadria-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedNeutroniumIronPlate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Reinforced Neutronium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTitaniumIronPlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Reinforced Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenIronPlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Reinforced Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ReinforcedTungstenSteelIronPlate.*                              # (default: true) USE Reinforced Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SandDust.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Sand
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SandStoneRod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sandstone Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeArdite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ardite Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeManyullyn.*                                             # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladePeridot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Peridot Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeRuby.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ruby Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeSapphire.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sapphire Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SawBladeStone.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsAstroMiner.*                                          # (default: true) USE Schematics Astro Miner Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsCargoRocket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Schematics Cargo Rocket Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsMoonBuggy.*                                           # (default: true) USE Schematics Moon Buggy Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier1.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 1 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier2.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 2 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier3.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 3 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier4.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 4 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier5.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 5 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier6.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 6 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier7.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 7 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SchematicsTier8.*                                               # (default: true) USE Schematics Rocket Tier 8 Chip
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShadowImbuedClothCap.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shadow-Imbued Cloth Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShadowmetalCap.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeAxeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Axe Head Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Block Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBoat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Boat Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBolt.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Bolt Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeBottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Bottle Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCasing.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Casing Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeCell.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Cell Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeFileHead.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (File Head Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeGear.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Gear Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHammerHead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Hammer Head Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHoeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Hoe Head Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeHugePipe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Huge Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Ingot Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeLargePipe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Large Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeNormalPipe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Normal pipe Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapePickaxeHead.*                                              # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Pickaxe Head Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapePlate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Plate Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRing.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Ring Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Rod Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeRotor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Rotor Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSawBlade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Saw Blade Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeShovelHead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Shovel head Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallGear.*                                                # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Small Gear Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSmallPipe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Small Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeSwordBlade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Sword Blade Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTinyPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Tiny Pipe Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeTurbineBlade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Turbine Blade Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ShapeWire.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Casting Form (Wire Shape)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SilverThread.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.SilverThread.name
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SilveredFleece.*                                                # (default: true) USE Silvered Fleece
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SimpleCircuitBoard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Simple Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SixtyKCell.*                                                    # (default: true) USE 60K Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBlood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Snow Queen Blood
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SnowQueenBloodDrop.*                                            # (default: true) USE Snow Queen Blood Drop
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SoulariumBars.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Soularium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelBars.*                                            # (default: true) USE StainlessSteel Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StainlessSteelItemCasing.*                                      # (default: true) USE Stainless Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StargateChevron.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stargate Chevron
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StargateCrystalDust.*                                           # (default: true) USE Stargate-Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StargateFramePart.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stargate Frame Part
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StargateShieldingFoil.*                                         # (default: true) USE Stargate-Radiation-Containment-Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SteelBars.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.SteelDualCompressedPlates.*                                     # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Steel Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.StonePlate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TCetiESeaweedExtract.*                                          # (default: true) USE TCetiE-Seaweed Extract
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TCetiEStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tceti E Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TeleposerFrame.*                                                # (default: true) USE Teleposer Frame
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TenKCell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 10K Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TheBigEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE The Big Egg
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.ThirtyKCell.*                                                   # (default: true) USE 30K Cell
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Tier2Booster.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Booster
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Tier3Booster.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Booster
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.Tier4Booster.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Booster
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TinDualCompressedPlates.*                                       # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Tin Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TitanStoneDust.*                                                # (default: true) USE Titan Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumBars.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Titanium Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumDualCompressedPlates.*                                  # (default: true) USE Compressed Dual Titanium Plates
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumIronPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Titanium-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TitaniumItemCasing.*                                            # (default: true) USE Titanium Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TranscendentOrb.*                                               # (default: true) USE Transcendent Orb
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TritonStoneDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Triton Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenBars.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tungsten Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenIronPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tungsten-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenItemCasing.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tungsten Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelBars.*                                             # (default: true) USE TungstenSteel Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelIronPlate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tungsten-Steel-Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenSteelItemCasing.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tungsten Steel Item Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TungstenString.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tungsten String
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.TwilightCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quick and Dirty Portal Generator
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.UncookedSlush.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Uncooked Slush
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredClayBrick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Unfired Clay Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredCokeOvenBrick.*                                          # (default: true) USE Unfired Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSearedBrick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unfired Seared Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.UnfiredSlimeSoulBrick.*                                         # (default: true) USE Unfired Slime Soul Brick
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VegaBStoneDust.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vega B Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VenusStoneDust.*                                                # (default: true) USE Venus Stone Dust
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VibrantAlloyBars.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy Bars
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VinteumThread.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.VinteumThread.name
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VoidEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Essence
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VoidFoil.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Foil
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VoidPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Plate
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VoidRing.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Ring
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VoidRod.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Rod
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.VoidSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Seed
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WaferTier3.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wafer Tier 3
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapAlchemical.*                                             # (default: true) USE Alchemical Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapBloodIron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blood Iron Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapElementium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Elementium Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapManaSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Manasteel Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapTerraSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapThauminite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thauminite Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WandCapVinteum.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vinteum Cap
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WeakOrb.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Weak Orb
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WetTofu.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wet Tofu
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WirelessTransmitter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WitherProtectionRing.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wither protection Ring
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WoodenBrickForm.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Form (Brick)
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.item.WoodenCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Casing
fe.protection.use.dreamcraft.itemQuantumToast.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.QuantumBread.name
fe.protection.use.enhancedlootbags.lootbag.*                                                      # (default: true) USE LootBag (Default)
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.blank_portal_module.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blank Portal Module
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.blank_upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.glasses.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Glasses
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.location_card.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Location Card
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.manual.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ENHANCED PORTALS: wormhole tunneling
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.nanobrush.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nanobrush
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.portal_module.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Particle Destroyer
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Redstone Interface Upgrade
fe.protection.use.enhancedportals.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.eternalsingularity.combined_singularity.*                                       # (default: true) USE Nitronic Singularity
fe.protection.use.eternalsingularity.eternal_singularity.*                                        # (default: true) USE Eternal Singularity
fe.protection.use.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                         # (default: true) USE null
fe.protection.use.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.extracells.part.base.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.component.*                                                  # (default: true) USE 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                             # (default: true) USE ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                               # (default: true) USE ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemArcanePackage.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Arcane Package
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemAuraCore.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Aura Core
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemCreativeNode.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Aura Node
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemElement.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Element of Darkness
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemEtherealFamiliar.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ethereal Familiar
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemExtendedNodeJar.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemFakeGolemShield.*                                                 # (default: true) USE REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemFakeModIcon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemFamiliar.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ethereal Familiar (Deprecated)
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemGolemCoreBreak.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.ItemTransformationFocus.*                                             # (default: true) USE [WIP] Wand Focus: Transformation
fe.protection.use.gadomancy.itemSilverwoodGolemPlacer.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silverwood Golem
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Production Upgrade
fe.protection.use.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Climate Control Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Genetic Template
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Genetics Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                           # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Item Import Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.use.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.use.gendustry.Labware.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Genetics Labware
fe.protection.use.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mutagen Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.use.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.use.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Power Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Protein Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Protein Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.use.gendustry.Waste.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Genetic Waste
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.1080k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.180k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.360k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.540k_Space_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                               # (default: true) USE gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCell.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.Double_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_MNqCellDep.*                                                 # (default: true) USE gt.Double_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_Naquadahcell.*                                               # (default: true) USE gt.Double_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.Double_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                             # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.MNqCell.*                                                           # (default: true) USE gt.MNqCell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.MNqCellDep.*                                                        # (default: true) USE gt.MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Naquadahcell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE gt.Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.NaquadahcellDep.*                                                   # (default: true) USE gt.NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_MNqCell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.*                                                   # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_MNqCellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.*                                                 # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_Naquadahcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_NaquadahcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                               # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Volumetric_Flask.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.Volumetric_Flask.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Lignite Comb
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.detrav.metatool.01.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.detrav.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.drop.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Oil Drop
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.99.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.99.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.neutroniumHeatCapacitor.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.pollen.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Matrix Pollen
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.propolis.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Zoko Propolis
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                        # (default: true) USE gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Almond
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Almond Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Cider
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Apple Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Apricot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Artichoke
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Avocado
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Baked Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Baked Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Baked Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Baked Turnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bakeware
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Baklava
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Banana
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Banana Split
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Barley Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Bass
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Batter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Battered Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bean Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Beans and Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Beans on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Beef Wellington
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Beet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Beet Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Beet Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beet Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beet Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bellpepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blackberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE BLT
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Boiled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Braised Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Broccoli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brownie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bubbly Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Buttered Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cabbage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cactus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE California Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Candied Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Candied Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Candleberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Caramel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Caramel Apple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Carp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cashew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cashew Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Catfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Celery Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Celery Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chai Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Charr
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cheesecake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cherry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cherry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chiko Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chili Poppers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chorizo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Citrus Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coconut Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coffee Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cola Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coleslaw
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cornbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cornflakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cornmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Corn Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cottage Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cotton Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cracker
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cranberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cream Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creamed Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Croissant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cucumber
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Curry Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Curry Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Custard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cutting Board
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Damper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Date
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Delighted Meal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dim Sum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dough
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Durian
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Edible Root
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Eel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Egg Nog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Egg Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Energy Drink
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Epic Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Espresso
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Extreme Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fairy Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fig
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fig Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fig Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Firm Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fish and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fish Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fish Sticks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fish Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flour
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Footlong
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE French Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fresh Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fresh Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fried Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fried Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fried Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fried Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Frog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Frosted Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fruit Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fruit Punch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fruit Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Futo Maki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Garam Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Garden Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Garlic Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Garlic Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Gherkin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ginger Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ginger Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ginger Ale
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gooseberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grain Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Grape
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grapefruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grape Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grape Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grape Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grape Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grape Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gravy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Grouper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bee Grub
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Guacamole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gummy Bears
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Heavy Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Herring
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Honey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hotdog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hot Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Jaffa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Jam Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Jellybeans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Jelly Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Juicer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ketchup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Keylime Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kimchi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Kiwi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lamington
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Leek
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Leek Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lemonade
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lemon Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lettuce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lime
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mango
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mango Chutney
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mango Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Manjuu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Maple Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Marshmellows
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Marzipan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mayo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE McPam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Meat Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Melon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mince Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mixed Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mochi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Museli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mustard Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Mutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Naan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nachoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nutella
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Oats
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oats Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Okra Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Okra Creole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Okra Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Olive
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooking Oil
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Omelet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Onion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Onion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Onion Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Orange
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Orange Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Orange Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Paneer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Papaya
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Papaya Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Parsnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pasta
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pavlova
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE PB&J
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peach Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Peanut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peanut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pear Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peas and Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Peas Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pecan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pecan Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peppercorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peppermint
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pepperoni
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Perch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Persimmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pickled Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pickled Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pickles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pinacolada
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pineapple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pistachio
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plum Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Poached Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pomegranate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Popcorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pork Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Potato Cakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Potato Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Potato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pot Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Powdered Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pralines
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Queen Bee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Radish Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raisins
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Random Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raspberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Refried Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rhubarb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Roast Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Root Beer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rutabaga
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rye Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Salad Dressing
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Salmon Patties
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Saucepan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sausage Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scallion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scallion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Seaweed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Seed Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sesame Ball
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silken Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Skillet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cooked Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Snapper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Snickers Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soybean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Soybean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soy Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soy Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spagetti
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spice Bun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spicy Greens
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Spinach Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spinach Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spring Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Starfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steak and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steamed Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stock
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Suadero
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sunday Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sushi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Taffy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cup of Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tea Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tea Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tim Tam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tomato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tomato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tortilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Trail Mix
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Trout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tuna Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Tuna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Turnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turnip Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vanilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vegemite
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Veggie Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Veggie Strips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vindaloo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vinegar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Walleye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Walnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Waxcomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Winter Squash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Woven Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Zeppole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.Quartz_Axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.Quartz_Hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.Quartz_Pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.Quartz_Shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.Quartz_Sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.bloodleafItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blood Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.bloodleafseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blood Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.fleshrootItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Flesh Root
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.fleshrootseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Flesh Root Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.glowflowerseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Glow Flower Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.ignisfruitItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ignis Fruit
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.marrowberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Marrow Berry
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.marrowberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Marrow Berry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.netherbedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Nether Bed
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.quartzbootsItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Boots
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.quartzchestItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Chest
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.quartzhelmItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Helm
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.quartzingotItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Ingot
fe.protection.use.harvestthenether.quartzleggingsItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Quartz Leggings
fe.protection.use.ifu.ifu_buildingKit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ore Finder Wand
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_copper.*                                      # (default: true) USE Minecart with Copper Chest
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_crystal.*                                     # (default: true) USE Minecart with Crystal Chest
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_diamond.*                                     # (default: true) USE Minecart with Diamond Chest
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_dirtchest9000.*                               # (default: true) USE Minecart with DirtChest9000
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_gold.*                                        # (default: true) USE Minecart with Gold Chest
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_iron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Minecart with Iron Chest
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) USE Minecart with Obsidian Chest
fe.protection.use.ironchestminecarts.minecart_chest_silver.*                                      # (default: true) USE Minecart with Silver Chest
fe.protection.use.irontank.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.glassCopperUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.glassIronUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.silverDiamondUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Silver to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontank.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.kekztech.kekztech_crafting_item.*                                               # (default: true) USE Copper Heat Pipe
fe.protection.use.kekztech.kekztech_error_item.*                                                  # (default: true) USE KekzTech Error Coin
fe.protection.use.kekztech.kekztech_reactor_item.*                                                # (default: true) USE Weak Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                               # (default: true) USE Black Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                               # (default: true) USE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                               # (default: true) USE Green Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) USE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                              # (default: true) USE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                              # (default: true) USE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                              # (default: true) USE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                               # (default: true) USE White Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) USE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Custom Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                                # (default: true) USE Factory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Jail Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                             # (default: true) USE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rusty Handle
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Saloon Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Shoji Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                              # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.miscutils.2Ethylanthrahydroquinone.*                                            # (default: true) USE 2-Ethylanthrahydroquinone Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.2Ethylanthraquinone.*                                                 # (default: true) USE 2-Ethylanthraquinone Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.AAA_Broken.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Errors - Tell Alkalus Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Ammonium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ammonium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.AmmoniumBifluoride.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ammonium Bifluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.AmmoniumNitrateSlurry.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ammonium Nitrate Slurry Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.AmmoniumTetrafluoroberyllate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ammonium Tetrafluoroberyllate Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Anthracene.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Anthracene Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.BerylliumHydroxide.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Beryllium Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Bromine.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bromine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.BurntLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cell of Used Reactor Fuel [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.CoalGas.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Coal Gas Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.CoalTar.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Coal Tar Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.CoalTarOil.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Ethylbenzene.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ethylbenzene Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.FertileManureSlurry.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cell of Fertile Slurry
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Fertiliser.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Formaldehyde.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Formaldehyde Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.01.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [LV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.02.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [MV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.03.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [HV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.04.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [EV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.05.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [IV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.06.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [LuV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.07.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [ZPM]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.08.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [UV]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.BattPack.09.name.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Charge Pack [MAX]?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Creeper.name.*                                     # (default: true) USE ?fCreeper Killer?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Enderman.name.*                                    # (default: true) USE ?fEnderman Killer?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Hellish.name.*                                     # (default: true) USE ?fNether Mob Killer?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Skeleton.name.*                                    # (default: true) USE ?fSkeleton Killer?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Spider.name.*                                      # (default: true) USE ?fSpider Killer?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.MonsterKiller.Zombie.name.*                                      # (default: true) USE ?fZombie Killer?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GTPP.bauble.fireprotection.0.name.*                                   # (default: true) USE ?4Supreme Pizza Gloves?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.GeneticMutagen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mutagen Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Hydrazine.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hydrazine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.HydrogenPeroxide.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hydrogen Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Hydroxide.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hydroxide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.IndustrialDiamondExquisite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Exquisite Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Kerosene.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Kerosene Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Krypton.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Krypton Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Li2BeF4.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Li2BeF4 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.LiquidHydrogen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Liquid Hydrogen Cell [LOH]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.LithiumPeroxide.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lithium Peroxide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.MU-metaitem.01.*                                                      # (default: true) USE MU-metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.miscutils.MU-metaitem.02.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ?0Test Item 0
fe.protection.use.miscutils.MU-metatool.01.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Simple Hand Pump
fe.protection.use.miscutils.ManureSlurry.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cell of Manure Slurry
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Monomethylhydrazine.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Monomethylhydrazine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Naphthalene.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Naphthalene Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.NitrogenTetroxide.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nitrogen Tetroxide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.PhthalicAcid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Phthalic Acid Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RP1Fuel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE RP-1 Fuel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RaisinJuice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Raisin Juice Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RawWaste.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cell of Animal Waste
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RocketFuelMixA.*                                                      # (default: true) USE H8N4C2O4 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RocketFuelMixB.*                                                      # (default: true) USE RP-1 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RocketFuelMixC.*                                                      # (default: true) USE CN3H7O3 Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.RocketFuelMixD.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dense Hydrazine Rocket Fuel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.SlowBuildingRing.*                                                    # (default: true) USE ?eSlow Building Ring?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.SulfuricCoalTarOil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sulfuric Coal Tar Oil Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.Toluene.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Toluene Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.UN18Fertiliser.*                                                      # (default: true) USE UN-18 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.UN32Fertiliser.*                                                      # (default: true) USE UN-32 Fertiliser Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.ZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                              # (default: true) USE Zirconium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.aniline.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Aniline Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackBlack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Black Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackBlue.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blue Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackCyan.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cyan Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackDarkGreen.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Green Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackDarkPurple.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Purple Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackGray.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gray Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackGreen.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Green Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackMaroon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Maroon Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackNavy.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Navy Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Olive Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackPurple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purple Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackRed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Red Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silver Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackTeal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Teal Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackWhite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE White Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.backpackYellow.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Yellow Backpack
fe.protection.use.miscutils.bookGT.*                                                              # (default: true) USE ?oThermal Boiler Manual
fe.protection.use.miscutils.bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.cadaverine.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cadaverine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedAgarditeCd.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedAgarditeLa.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedAgarditeNd.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedAgarditeY.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedAlburnite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedAncientGranite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedBariteRd.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeCd.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeLa.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeNd.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAgarditeY.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAlburnite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedAncientGranite.*                                    # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedBariteRd.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCerite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedComancheite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCrocoite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedCryolite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedDemicheleiteBr.*                                    # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFlorencite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorcaphite.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedFluorite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteCe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGadoliniteY.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGeikielite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedGreenockite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHibonite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedHoneaite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedIrarsite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKashinite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedKoboldite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLafossaite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteCe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteLa.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLanthaniteNd.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLautarite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedLepersonnite.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedMiessiite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedNichromite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPerroudite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedPolycrase.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                             # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthI.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthII.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRareEarthIII.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedRunite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteY.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedSamarskiteYb.*                                      # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedTitanite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedXenotime.*                                          # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttriaite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrialite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedYttrocerite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZimbabweite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirconolite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZircophyllite.*                                     # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCentrifugedZirkelite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Centrifuged Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCerite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedComancheite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCrocoite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedCryolite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedDemicheleiteBr.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedFlorencite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedFluorcaphite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedFluorite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteCe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedGadoliniteY.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedGeikielite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedGreenockite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedHibonite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedHoneaite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedIrarsite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedKashinite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedKoboldite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedLafossaite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteCe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteLa.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedLanthaniteNd.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedLautarite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedLepersonnite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedMiessiite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedNichromite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPerroudite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPolycrase.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeCd.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Agardite (Cd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeLa.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Agardite (La) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeNd.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Agardite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAgarditeY.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Agardite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAlburnite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Alburnite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Ancient Granite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedBariteRd.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Barite (Rd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCerite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Cerite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedComancheite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Comancheite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCrocoite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Crocoite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedCryolite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Cryolite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedDemicheleiteBr.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Demicheleite (Br) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFlorencite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Florencite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorcaphite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Fluorcaphite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedFluorite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Fluorite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteCe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGadoliniteY.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Gadolinite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGeikielite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Geikielite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedGreenockite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Greenockite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHibonite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Hibonite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedHoneaite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Honeaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedIrarsite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Irarsite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKashinite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Kashinite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedKoboldite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Koboldite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLafossaite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Lafossaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteCe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Ce) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteLa.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Lanthanite (La) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLanthaniteNd.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Lanthanite (Nd) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLautarite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Lautarite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedLepersonnite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Lepersonnite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedMiessiite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Miessiite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedNichromite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Nichromite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPerroudite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Perroudite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedPolycrase.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Polycrase Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthI.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthII.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRareEarthIII.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedRunite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteY.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedSamarskiteYb.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedTitanite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedXenotime.*                                             # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttriaite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrialite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedYttrocerite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZimbabweite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirconolite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZircophyllite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedPurifiedZirkelite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crushed Strange Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedRareEarthI.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Rare Earth (I) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedRareEarthII.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Rare Earth (II) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedRareEarthIII.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Rare Earth (III) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedRunite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crushed Runite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteY.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Samarskite (Y) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedSamarskiteYb.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crushed Samarskite (Yb) Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedTitanite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Titanite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedXenotime.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crushed Xenotime Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedYttriaite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Yttriaite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedYttrialite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crushed Yttrialite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedYttrocerite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Yttrocerite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedZimbabweite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Zimbabweite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedZircon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crushed Zircon Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedZirconolite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crushed Zirconolite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedZircophyllite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crushed Zircophyllite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.crushedZirkelite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crushed Zirkelite Ore
fe.protection.use.miscutils.cryotheum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cryotheum Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.cyclohexane.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cyclohexane Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.cyclohexanone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cyclohexanone Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dummyResearch.*                                                       # (default: true) USE ?dResearch on Containment Fields
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeCd.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeLa.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeNd.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureAgarditeY.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureAlburnite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureAncientGranite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Impure Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureBariteRd.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureCerite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impure Cerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureComancheite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureCrocoite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureCryolite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureDemicheleiteBr.*                                            # (default: true) USE Impure Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureFlorencite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Florencite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureFluorcaphite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureFluorite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureGadoliniteY.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureGeikielite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureGreenockite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureHibonite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureHoneaite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureIrarsite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureKashinite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureKoboldite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureLafossaite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteCe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteLa.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureLanthaniteNd.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureLautarite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureLepersonnite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureMiessiite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureNichromite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpurePerroudite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpurePolycrase.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                     # (default: true) USE Impure Strange Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthI.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthII.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureRareEarthIII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impure Runite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteY.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureSamarskiteYb.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impure Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureTitanite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Titanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureXenotime.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impure Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureYttriaite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureYttrialite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impure Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureYttrocerite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureZimbabweite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureZircon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impure Zircon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureZirconolite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impure Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureZircophyllite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Impure Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustImpureZirkelite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Impure Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustMolybdenum99.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Molybdenum 99 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustNeptunium238.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Neptunium 238 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeCd.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeLa.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeNd.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureAgarditeY.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureAlburnite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureAncientGranite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Purified Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureBariteRd.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureCerite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purified Cerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureComancheite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureCrocoite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureCryolite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureDemicheleiteBr.*                                              # (default: true) USE Purified Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureFlorencite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Florencite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureFluorcaphite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureFluorite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteCe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureGadoliniteY.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureGeikielite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureGreenockite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureHibonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureHoneaite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureIrarsite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureKashinite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureKoboldite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureLafossaite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteCe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteLa.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureLanthaniteNd.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureLautarite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureLepersonnite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureMiessiite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureNichromite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPurePerroudite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPurePolycrase.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purified Strange Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthI.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthII.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureRareEarthIII.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureRunite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purified Runite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteY.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureSamarskiteYb.*                                                # (default: true) USE Purified Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureTitanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Titanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureXenotime.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureYttriaite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureYttrialite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureYttrocerite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureZimbabweite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureZircon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purified Zircon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureZirconolite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureZircophyllite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purified Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustPureZirkelite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustRadium226.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Radium 226 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustTechnetium99.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Technetium 99 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.dustTechnetium99M.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Technetium 99M Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameAccelerated.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Accelerated Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameArborists.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Arborist Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameBusy.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Working Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameDecaying.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Decaying Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameMutagenic.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mutagenic Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameSlowing.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Slowing Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameStabilizing.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stabilizing Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.frameUseless.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Useless Frame
fe.protection.use.miscutils.gt.plusplus.metatool.01.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.plusplus.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.miscutils.gtpp.bucket.generic.*                                                 # (default: true) USE REPORT ERROR TO ALKALUS
fe.protection.use.miscutils.gtpp.debug.scanner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE GT++ Debug Scanner
fe.protection.use.miscutils.gtpp.throwable.bomb.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Throwable Bomb
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.Eatotron9000.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Eatotronic 9000
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.MysticBag.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mystic Pouch
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.ToolBox.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Workers Toolbox
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.empty.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Empty
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore1.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [ULV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore10.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Core [MAX].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [LV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore3.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [MV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore4.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [HV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore5.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [EV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore6.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [IV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore7.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [LuV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore8.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [ZPM].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemBufferCore9.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Core [UV].
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemDragonJar.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dragon Capture Jar
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodActinium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Actinium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodAmericium241.*                                            # (default: true) USE Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodAstatine.*                                                # (default: true) USE Astatine Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodBerkelium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodCalifornium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Californium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodCurium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Curium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodEinsteinium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodFermium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fermium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodFrancium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Francium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                         # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongActinium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Actinium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAmericium241.*                                        # (default: true) USE Long Americium-241 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongAstatine.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Astatine Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongBerkelium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Berkelium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongCurium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Long Curium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongEinsteinium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Einsteinium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFermium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Long Fermium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongFrancium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Francium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                      # (default: true) USE Long LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                     # (default: true) USE Long LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                      # (default: true) USE Long LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptunium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) USE Long Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium238.*                                        # (default: true) USE Long Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPlutonium239.*                                        # (default: true) USE Long Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Polonium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongPolonium210.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongProtactinium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Long Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadioactiveMineralMix.*                               # (default: true) USE Long Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongRadium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Long Radium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongStrontium90.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Long Technetium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                              # (default: true) USE Long Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodLongUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                # (default: true) USE Long Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptunium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Neptunium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) USE Neptunium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium238.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plutonium-238 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodPlutonium239.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plutonium-239 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Polonium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodPolonium210.*                                             # (default: true) USE Polonium-210 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodProtactinium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Protactinium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                   # (default: true) USE Radioactive Mineral Mix Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodRadium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Radium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodStrontium90.*                                             # (default: true) USE Strontium-90 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Technetium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) USE Technetium Hexafluoride Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodThorium232.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thorium 232 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemRodUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Uranium Tetrafluoride Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemSandstoneHammer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Breaker
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tree Feller
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.itemStaballoyPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tunnel Digger
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.modularbauble.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Modular Bauble
fe.protection.use.miscutils.item.thekeytothecity.*                                                # (default: true) USE The Key to the City
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemAirFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Air Filter [Tier 1]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemAlkalusDisk.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Alkalus Disk
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBigEgg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ?? ounce Chicken Egg
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBlueprint.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blueprint [I am useless]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoilerChassis.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Advanced Boiler Chassis [Tier 1]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltAbyssalAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltArcanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arcanite Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltArceusAlloy2B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltAstralTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltBlackMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Metal Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltBloodSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltCelestialTungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltChromaticGlass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltCinobiteA243.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltDysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltEglinSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltEnergyCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltGrisium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Grisium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltHafnium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hafnium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyC276.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyN.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyW.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltHastelloyX.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltHypogen.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hypogen Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloy020.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyDS.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltIncoloyMA956.*                                                # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltInconel625.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltInconel690.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltInconel792.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltIodine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iodine Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltLafiumCompound.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel250.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel300.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltMaragingSteel350.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltNiobiumCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltNitinol60.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltOctiron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Octiron Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltPikyonium64B.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltPotin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Potin Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltQuantum.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quantum Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltRhenium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhenium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltRhodium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhodium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltRuthenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltSelenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Selenium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltSiliconCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltStaballoy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Staballoy Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltStellite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stellite Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltStrontium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strontium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTalonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talonite Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTantalloy61.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTantalumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tellurium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltThallium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thallium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTitansteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Titansteel Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                    # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTumbaga.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltWatertightSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltWhiteMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE White Metal Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltZeron100.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltZirconium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zirconium Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBoltZirconiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Bolt
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBombCasing.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bomb Casing
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemBombUnf.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Throwable Bomb (unf)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCactusCharcoal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cactus Charcoal
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCactusCoke.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cactus Coke
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellAbyssalAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellActinium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Actinium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellAdvancedNitinol.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Nitinol Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellAmericium241.*                                                # (default: true) USE Americium 241 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellArcanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arcanite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellArceusAlloy2B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellAstatine.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Astatine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellAstralTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBabbitAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Babbit Alloy Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBakelite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bakelite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBerkelium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Berkelium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBerylliumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) USE Beryllium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBlackMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Metal Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBlackTitanium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Black Titanium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellBloodSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellCalifornium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Californium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellCarbyne.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Carbyne Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellCelestialTungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellChromaticGlass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellCinobiteA243.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellCurium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Curium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellDragonblood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dragonblood Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                      # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Base Compound Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellEinsteinium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Einsteinium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellEnergyCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellFermium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fermium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellFrancium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Francium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Germanium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellGrisium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Grisium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHG1223.*                                                      # (default: true) USE HG-1223 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHafnium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hafnium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyC276.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyN.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyW.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHastelloyX.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHydrogenCyanide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cell of Hydrogen Cyanide
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellHypogen.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hypogen Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellIncoloy020.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyDS.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellIncoloyMA956.*                                                # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellInconel625.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellInconel690.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellInconel792.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellIodine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iodine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellKoboldite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Koboldite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellLafiumCompound.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ThF4UF4]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4U235]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cell of Molten Salt [LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellLithiumFluoride.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lithium Fluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel250.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel300.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellMaragingSteel350.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellNeon.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Neon Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellNeptunium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Neptunium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Neptunium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellNiobiumCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellNitinol60.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellNylon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Nylon Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellOctiron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Octiron Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellPikyonium64B.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium238.*                                                # (default: true) USE Plutonium 238 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellPlutonium239.*                                                # (default: true) USE Plutonium 239 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellPolonium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Polonium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellPolonium210.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Polonium 210 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellPotin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Potin Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellProtactinium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Protactinium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellQuantum.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quantum Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellRadium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Radium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellRhenium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhenium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellRhodium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhodium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellRhugnor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhugnor Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellRunite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Runite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellRuthenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellSeleniousAcid.*                                               # (default: true) USE Selenious Acid Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellSelenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Selenium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumDioxide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Selenium Dioxide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Selenium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellSiliconCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellStaballoy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Staballoy Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellStellite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stellite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellStrontium90.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Strontium 90 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTalonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talonite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTantalloy61.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTantalumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTechnetium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Technetium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Technetium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTeflon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Teflon Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellThallium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thallium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellThoriumHexafluoride.*                                         # (default: true) USE Thorium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thorium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTitansteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Titansteel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Alloy Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                    # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTumbaga.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellUranium232.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Uranium 232 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellUranium233.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Uranium 233 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellUraniumHexafluoride.*                                         # (default: true) USE Uranium Hexafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Uranium Tetrafluoride Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellWatertightSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellWhiteMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE White Metal Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellXenon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Xenon Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellZeron100.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellZirconium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zirconium Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCellZirconiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCircuitLFTR.*                                                     # (default: true) USE ?aControl Circuit
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCoalCoke.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Coking Coal
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemControlCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Control Core [ULV]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.agon.*                                     # (default: true) USE Agon (0)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.bitt.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bitt (0)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.iszm.*                                     # (default: true) USE Iszm (0)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.jelt.*                                     # (default: true) USE Jelt (0)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.Ztones.korp.*                                     # (default: true) USE Korp (0)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemCustomMetaCover.miscutils.GtMachineCasings.*                      # (default: true) USE ?dUltra Low Voltage Machine Plate Cover
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDebugClearing.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Debug Square [1]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dehydrator Coil [EV]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDehydratorCoilWire.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coil Wire [EV]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDetCable.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bomb Fuse
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDrained.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Drained Shard
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAbyssalAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustActinium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Actinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAdvancedNitinol.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeCd.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeLa.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeNd.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAgarditeY.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAlburnite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAmericium241.*                                                # (default: true) USE Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAmmoniumNitrate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAncientGranite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustArcanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustArceusAlloy2B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAstatine.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Astatine Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustAstralTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBabbitAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBakelite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBariteRd.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBerkelium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBerylliumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) USE Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBlackMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBlackTitanium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustBloodSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCalciumCarbonate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCalciumHydroxide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCalifornium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Californium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCelestialTungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCerite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustChromaticGlass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCinobiteA243.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustComancheite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustConductiveIron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCookedZrCl4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCrocoite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCryolite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustCurium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Curium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustDecayedRadium226.*                                            # (default: true) USE Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustDemicheleiteBr.*                                              # (default: true) USE Demicheleite (Br) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustDirt.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustDragonblood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustDysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                      # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustEinsteinium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustElectricalSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustEnergeticAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustEnergyCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustFermium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fermium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustFlorencite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Florencite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustFluorcaphite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustFluorite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustFrancium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Francium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteCe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGadoliniteY.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGeikielite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Germanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGreenockite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGrisium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Grisium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustGypsum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHG1223.*                                                      # (default: true) USE HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHafnium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyC276.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyN.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyW.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHastelloyX.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHibonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHoneaite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustHypogen.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustIncoloy020.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyDS.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustIncoloyMA956.*                                                # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInconel625.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInconel690.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInconel792.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInfusedAir.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Infused Air Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInfusedEarth.*                                                # (default: true) USE Infused Earth Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInfusedFire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Infused Fire Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustInfusedWater.*                                                # (default: true) USE Infused Water Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustIodine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iodine Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustIrarsite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustKashinite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustKoboldite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLafiumCompound.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLafossaite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteCe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteLa.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLanthaniteNd.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLautarite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLepersonnite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLi2BeF4.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                              # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                             # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                              # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLithium7.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLithiumCarbonate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLithiumFluoride.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLithiumHydroxide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustLithiumPeroxide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustManureByproducts.*                                            # (default: true) USE Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel250.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel300.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustMaragingSteel350.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustMiessiite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustMixTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustNeptunium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustNichromite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustNiobiumCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustNitinol60.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustNylon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Nylon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustOctiron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Octiron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustOrganicFertilizer.*                                           # (default: true) USE Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPerroudite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPhthalicAnhydride.*                                           # (default: true) USE Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPikyonium64B.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium238.*                                                # (default: true) USE Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPlutonium239.*                                                # (default: true) USE Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPolonium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Polonium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPolonium210.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPolycrase.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPotin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Potin Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPromethium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Promethium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustProtactinium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustPulsatingIron.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustQuantum.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quantum Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                       # (default: true) USE Strange Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRadium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Radium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthI.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthII.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRareEarthIII.*                                                # (default: true) USE Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRedstoneAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRhenium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRhodium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRhugnor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRunite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Runite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustRuthenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteY.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSamarskiteYb.*                                                # (default: true) USE Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSelenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Selenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumDioxide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSiliconCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAbyssalAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallActinium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAdvancedNitinol.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeCd.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeLa.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeNd.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAgarditeY.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAlburnite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmericium241.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAmmoniumNitrate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAncientGranite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallArcanite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallArceusAlloy2B.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstatine.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallAstralTitanium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBabbitAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBakelite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBariteRd.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerkelium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBerylliumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackMetal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBlackTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallBloodSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumCarbonate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalciumHydroxide.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCalifornium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCelestialTungsten.*                                      # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCerite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallChromaticGlass.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCinobiteA243.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallComancheite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallConductiveIron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCookedZrCl4.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCrocoite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCryolite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallCurium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallDecayedRadium226.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallDemicheleiteBr.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallDragonblood.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallDysprosium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallEinsteinium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallElectricalSteel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergeticAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallEnergyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallFermium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallFlorencite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorcaphite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallFluorite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallFrancium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteCe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGadoliniteY.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGeikielite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGreenockite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGrisium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallGypsum.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHG1223.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHafnium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyC276.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyN.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyW.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHastelloyX.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHibonite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHoneaite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallHypogen.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloy020.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyDS.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallIncoloyMA956.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel625.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel690.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallInconel792.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallIodine.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallIrarsite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallKashinite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallKoboldite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafiumCompound.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLafossaite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteCe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteLa.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLanthaniteNd.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLautarite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLepersonnite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2BeF4.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithium7.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumCarbonate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumFluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumHydroxide.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallLithiumPeroxide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallManureByproducts.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel250.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel300.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallMaragingSteel350.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallMiessiite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallMixTumbaga.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptunium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallNichromite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallNiobiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallNitinol60.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallNylon.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallOctiron.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallOrganicFertilizer.*                                      # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPerroudite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPhthalicAnhydride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPikyonium64B.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium238.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPlutonium239.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolonium210.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPolycrase.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPotin.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPromethium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallProtactinium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallPulsatingIron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallQuantum.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                  # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRadium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthI.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthII.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRareEarthIII.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRedstoneAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhenium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhodium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRhugnor.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRunite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallRuthenium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteY.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSamarskiteYb.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSelenium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumDioxide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSiliconCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallSoularium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallStaballoy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallStellite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontium90.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumHydroxide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallStrontiumOxide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTalonite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy60.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalloy61.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTantalumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTeflon.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTellurium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallThallium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallThorium232.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitanite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTitansteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTumbaga.*                                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN18Fertiliser.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallUN32Fertiliser.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium232.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallUranium233.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallVibrantAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallWatertightSteel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallWhiteMetal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallXenotime.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttriaite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrialite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallYttrocerite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZeron100.*                                               # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZimbabweite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircon.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirconolite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZircophyllite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZirkelite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallZrCl4.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Small Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSmallphenolicresins.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustSoularium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Soularium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustStaballoy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustStellite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stellite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustStrontium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strontium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustStrontium90.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumHydroxide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustStrontiumOxide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTalonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTantalloy61.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTantalumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTechnetium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Technetium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTeflon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Teflon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustThallium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thallium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustThorium232.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustThoriumHexafluoride.*                                         # (default: true) USE Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAbyssalAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Abyssal Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyActinium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Actinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAdvancedNitinol.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Advanced Nitinol Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeCd.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Agardite (Cd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeLa.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Agardite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeNd.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Agardite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAgarditeY.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Agardite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAlburnite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Alburnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmericium241.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Americium 241 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAmmoniumNitrate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Ammonium Nitrate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAncientGranite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Ancient Granite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyArcanite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Arcanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyArceusAlloy2B.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Arceus Alloy 2B Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstatine.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Astatine Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyAstralTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Astral Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBabbitAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Babbit Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBakelite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Bakelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBariteRd.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Barite (Rd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerkelium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Berkelium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBerylliumFluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Beryllium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackMetal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Black Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBlackTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Black Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyBloodSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Blood Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumCarbonate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Calcium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalciumHydroxide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hydrated Lime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCalifornium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Californium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Celestial Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCerite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Cerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyChromaticGlass.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Chromatic Glass Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCinobiteA243.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Cinobite A243 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyComancheite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Comancheite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyConductiveIron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Conductive Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCookedZrCl4.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Cooked ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCrocoite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Crocoite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCryolite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Cryolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyCurium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Curium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyDecayedRadium226.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Decayed Radium-226 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyDemicheleiteBr.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Demicheleite (Br)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Dried Earth Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyDragonblood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Dragon Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyDysprosium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyEglinSteelBaseCompound.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Eglin Steel Base Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyEinsteinium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Einsteinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyElectricalSteel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Electrical Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergeticAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Energetic Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyEnergyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Energy Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyFermium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Fermium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyFlorencite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Florencite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorcaphite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Fluorcaphite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyFluorite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Fluorite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyFormaldehydeCatalyst.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Formaldehyde Catalyst Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyFrancium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Francium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteCe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGadoliniteY.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Gadolinite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGeikielite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Geikielite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Germanium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGreenockite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Greenockite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Grisium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyGypsum.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Calcium Sulfate (Gypsum) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHG1223.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of HG-1223 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHafnium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hafnium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyC276.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-C276 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyN.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-N Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyW.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-W Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHastelloyX.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hastelloy-X Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHibonite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hibonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHoneaite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Honeaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyHypogen.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Hypogen Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloy020.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Incoloy-020 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyDS.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Incoloy-DS Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyIncoloyMA956.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Incoloy-MA956 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel625.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Inconel-625 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel690.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Inconel-690 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyInconel792.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Inconel-792 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyIodine.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Iodine Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyIrarsite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Irarsite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyKashinite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Kashinite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyKoboldite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Koboldite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafiumCompound.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lafium Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLafossaite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lafossaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteCe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Ce) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteLa.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (La) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLanthaniteNd.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lanthanite (Nd) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLautarite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lautarite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLepersonnite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lepersonnite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2BeF4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Li2BeF4 Fuel Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLi2CO3CaOH2.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Li2CO3 + Ca(OH)2 Compound Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithium7.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lithium 7 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumCarbonate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lithium Carbonate Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lithium Fluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroperoxide.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroperoxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumHydroxide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lithium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyLithiumPeroxide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Lithium Peroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyManureByproducts.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Manure Byproduct Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel250.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 250 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel300.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 300 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyMaragingSteel350.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Maraging Steel 350 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyMiessiite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Miessiite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyMixTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Mix Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptunium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Neptunium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Neptunium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyNichromite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Nichromite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyNiobiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Niobium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Nitinol 60 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyNylon.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Nylon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyOctiron.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Octiron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyOrganicFertilizer.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Organic Fertilizer Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPerroudite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Perroudite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPhthalicAnhydride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Phthalic Anhydride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPikyonium64B.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Pikyonium 64B Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium238.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Plutonium 238 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPlutonium239.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Plutonium 239 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Polonium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolonium210.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Polonium 210 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPolycrase.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Polycrase Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPotin.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Potin Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPromethium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Promethium
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyProtactinium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Protactinium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyPulsatingIron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Pulsating Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Quantum Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadioactiveMineralMix.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Strange Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRadium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Radium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthI.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (I) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthII.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (II) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRareEarthIII.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Rare Earth (III) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRedstoneAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Redstone Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhenium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Rhenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhodium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Rhodium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRhugnor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Rhugnor Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRunite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Runite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyRuthenium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Ruthenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteY.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Y) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySamarskiteYb.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Samarskite (Yb) Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySelenium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Selenium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumDioxide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Selenium Dioxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySeleniumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Selenium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySiliconCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Silicon Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinySoularium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Soularium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyStaballoy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Staballoy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyStellite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Stellite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Strontium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontium90.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Strontium 90 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumHydroxide.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Strontium Hydroxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyStrontiumOxide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Strontium Oxide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTalonite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Talonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy60.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-60 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalloy61.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tantalloy-61 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTantalumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tantalum Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Technetium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Technetium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTeflon.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Teflon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTellurium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyThallium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Thallium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyThorium232.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Thorium 232 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Thorium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Thorium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitanite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Titanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTitansteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTumbaga.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN18Fertiliser.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyUN32Fertiliser.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium232.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyUranium233.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyVibrantAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of White Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyXenotime.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttriaite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrialite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyYttrocerite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZeron100.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZimbabweite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircon.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zircon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumCarbide.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirconolite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZircophyllite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZirkelite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyZrCl4.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTinyphenolicresins.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTitanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Titanite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTitansteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Titansteel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                    # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTumbaga.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustUN18Fertiliser.*                                              # (default: true) USE UN-18 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustUN32Fertiliser.*                                              # (default: true) USE UN-32 Fertiliser Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustUranium232.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Uranium 232 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustUranium233.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Uranium 233 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustUraniumHexafluoride.*                                         # (default: true) USE Uranium Hexafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Uranium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustVibrantAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustWatertightSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustWhiteMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE White Metal Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustXenotime.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Xenotime Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustYttriaite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Yttriaite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustYttrialite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Yttrialite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustYttrocerite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Yttrocerite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZeron100.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZimbabweite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zimbabweite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZircon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Zircon Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZirconium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zirconium Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Zirconium Tetrafluoride Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZirconolite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zirconolite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZircophyllite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Zircophyllite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZirkelite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zirkelite Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustZrCl4.*                                                       # (default: true) USE ZrCl4 Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemDustphenolicresins.*                                              # (default: true) USE Phenolic Resin Dust
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemEnergeticRotorBlade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemEnergeticShaft.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFiber.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Plant Fiber
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireBabbitAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fine Babbit Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fine Grisium Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireHG1223.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fine HG-1223 Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireKoboldite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fine Koboldite Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWirePalladium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fine Palladium Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fine Quantum Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireWhiteMetal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fine White Metal Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFineWireZirconium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fine Zirconium Wire
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFoodCurriedSausages.*                                             # (default: true) USE A Serving of Curried Sausages
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemFoodRaisinToast.*                                                 # (default: true) USE A Serving of Raisin Toast
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearAbyssalAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearArcanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arcanite Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearArceusAlloy2B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearAstralTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearBlackMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Metal Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearBloodSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearCelestialTungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearChromaticGlass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearCinobiteA243.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearDysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearEglinSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearEnergyCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearGrisium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Grisium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearHafnium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hafnium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyC276.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyN.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyW.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearHastelloyX.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearHypogen.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hypogen Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearIncoloy020.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyDS.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearIncoloyMA956.*                                                # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearInconel625.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearInconel690.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearInconel792.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearIodine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iodine Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearLafiumCompound.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel250.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel300.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearMaragingSteel350.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearNiobiumCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearNitinol60.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearOctiron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Octiron Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearPikyonium64B.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearPotin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Potin Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearQuantum.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quantum Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearRhenium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhenium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearRhodium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhodium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearRuthenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearSelenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Selenium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearSiliconCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearStaballoy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Staballoy Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearStellite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stellite Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearStrontium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strontium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTalonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talonite Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTantalloy61.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTantalumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tellurium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearThallium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thallium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTitansteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Titansteel Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                    # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTumbaga.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearWatertightSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearWhiteMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE White Metal Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearZeron100.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearZirconium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zirconium Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGearZirconiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Gear
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGemDull.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dull Gemstone
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGemShards.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Shards
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGenericToken.*                                                    # (default: true) USE ?rBitCoin
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemGrindleTablet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grindle
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHalfCompleteCasings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Half Complete Casing I
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHatTinFoil.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tin Foil Hat
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                       # (default: true) USE Heavy Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAncientGranite.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateAstralTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackMetal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBlackSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Black Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateBronze.*                                                # (default: true) USE Heavy Bronze Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                     # (default: true) USE Heavy Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateEglinSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateHypogen.*                                               # (default: true) USE Heavy Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                      # (default: true) USE Heavy Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateOsmiridium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Osmiridium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlatePotin.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Heavy Potin Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateQuantum.*                                               # (default: true) USE Heavy Quantum Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateRhugnor.*                                               # (default: true) USE Heavy Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateStainlessSteel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Stainless Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateTalonite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Talonite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWatertightSteel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Heavy Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeavyPlateWhiteMetal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy White Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHeliumBlob.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mysterious Hydrogen Substance
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotFoodCurriedSausages.*                                          # (default: true) USE A Serving of Hot Curried Sausages
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotFoodRaisinToast.*                                              # (default: true) USE A Serving of Hot Raisin Toast
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hot Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotArcanite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hot Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hot Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotAstralTitanium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hot Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                       # (default: true) USE Hot Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotCinobiteA243.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hot Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hot Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotGrisium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyC276.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hot Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyN.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyW.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Hastelloy-W Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotHastelloyX.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotHypogen.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloy020.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyDS.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hot Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hot Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel625.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel690.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotInconel792.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotLafiumCompound.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hot Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hot Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hot Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hot Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hot Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotNitinol60.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hot Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotOctiron.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotPikyonium64B.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hot Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotQuantum.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotRaisinBread.*                                             # (default: true) USE A Serving of Hot Raisin Bread
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotStaballoy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hot Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotStellite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hot Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTalonite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hot Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy60.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hot Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalloy61.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hot Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hot Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTitansteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hot Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                # (default: true) USE Hot Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                    # (default: true) USE Hot Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotWatertightSteel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hot Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHotIngotZeron100.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hot Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHydrofluoricPotion.*                                              # (default: true) USE Throwable Vial of Hydrofluoric Acid
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemHydrogenBlob.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mysterious Hydrogen Blob
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotAbyssalAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotActinium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Actinium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotAdvancedNitinol.*                                            # (default: true) USE Advanced Nitinol Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotAmericium241.*                                               # (default: true) USE Americium 241 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotAncientGranite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ancient Granite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotArcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Arcanite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotArceusAlloy2B.*                                              # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotAstatine.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Astatine Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotAstralTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBabbitAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Babbit Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBakelite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bakelite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBerkelium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Berkelium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBerylliumFluoride.*                                          # (default: true) USE Beryllium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBlackMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Metal Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBlackTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Black Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotBloodSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotCalifornium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Californium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotCelestialTungsten.*                                          # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotChromaticGlass.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotCinobiteA243.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotCurium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Curium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotDragonblood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dragon Metal Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotEglinSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotEinsteinium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Einsteinium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotEnergyCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotFermium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fermium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotFrancium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Francium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotGrisium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grisium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHG1223.*                                                     # (default: true) USE HG-1223 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHafnium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hafnium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyC276.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyN.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyW.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHastelloyX.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotHypogen.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hypogen Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloy020.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyDS.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotIncoloyMA956.*                                               # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotInconel625.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotInconel690.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotInconel792.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotIodine.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iodine Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotLafiumCompound.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                             # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                            # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                             # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotLithium7.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lithium 7 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotLithiumFluoride.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lithium Fluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel250.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel300.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotMaragingSteel350.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotNeptunium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Neptunium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Neptunium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotNiobiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotNitinol60.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotNylon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nylon Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotOctiron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Octiron Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPikyonium64B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium238.*                                               # (default: true) USE Plutonium 238 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPlutonium239.*                                               # (default: true) USE Plutonium 239 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Polonium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPolonium210.*                                                # (default: true) USE Polonium 210 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPotin.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potin Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotPromethium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Promethium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotProtactinium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Protactinium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotQuantum.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quantum Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRadium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Radium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRaisinBread.*                                                # (default: true) USE A Serving of Raisin Bread
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRhenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhenium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRhodium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhodium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRhugnor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhugnor Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRunite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Runite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotRuthenium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotSelenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Selenium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Selenium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotSiliconCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotStaballoy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Staballoy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotStellite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stellite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Strontium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotStrontium90.*                                                # (default: true) USE Strontium 90 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTalonite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Talonite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy60.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTantalloy61.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTantalumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Technetium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Technetium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTeflon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Teflon Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tellurium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotThallium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thallium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotThorium232.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thorium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumHexafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thorium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Thorium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTitansteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Titansteel Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                   # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTumbaga.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotUranium232.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Uranium 232 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotUranium233.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Uranium 233 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumHexafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Uranium Hexafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Uranium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotWatertightSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotWhiteMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Metal Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotZeron100.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotZirconium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zirconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIngotZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Zirconium Tetrafluoride Ingot
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIridiumRotorBlade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iridium Rotor Blade
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemIridiumShaft.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iridium Shaft
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemKeyBig4000DC's.*                                                  # (default: true) USE 4000DC's Big Key
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemLavaFilter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lava Filter
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemMushroomForest.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Forest Mushroom
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetAbyssalAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetActinium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Actinium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetAdvancedNitinol.*                                           # (default: true) USE Advanced Nitinol Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetAmericium241.*                                              # (default: true) USE Americium 241 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetAncientGranite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ancient Granite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetArcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Arcanite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetArceusAlloy2B.*                                             # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetAstatine.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Astatine Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetAstralTitanium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBabbitAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Babbit Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBakelite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bakelite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBerkelium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Berkelium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBerylliumFluoride.*                                         # (default: true) USE Beryllium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackMetal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Black Metal Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBlackTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Black Titanium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetBloodSteel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetCalifornium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Californium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetChromaticGlass.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetCinobiteA243.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetCurium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Curium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetDragonblood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shard of Dragonblood
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetEinsteinium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Einsteinium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetEnergyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetFermium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fermium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetFrancium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Francium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetGrisium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grisium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHG1223.*                                                    # (default: true) USE HG-1223 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHafnium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hafnium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyC276.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyN.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyW.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHastelloyX.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetHypogen.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hypogen Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloy020.*                                                # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyDS.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetIncoloyMA956.*                                              # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel625.*                                                # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel690.*                                                # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetInconel792.*                                                # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetIodine.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iodine Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetLafiumCompound.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ThF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ThF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4U235.*                                           # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4U235 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetLiFBeF2ZrF4UF4.*                                            # (default: true) USE LiFBeF2ZrF4UF4 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetLithium7.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lithium 7 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetLithiumFluoride.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lithium Fluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel250.*                                          # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel300.*                                          # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetMaragingSteel350.*                                          # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptunium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Neptunium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Neptunium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetNiobiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetNylon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nylon Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetOctiron.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Octiron Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPikyonium64B.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium238.*                                              # (default: true) USE Plutonium 238 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPlutonium239.*                                              # (default: true) USE Plutonium 239 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Polonium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPolonium210.*                                               # (default: true) USE Polonium 210 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPotin.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Potin Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetPromethium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Promethium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetProtactinium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Protactinium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetQuantum.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Quantum Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetRadium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Radium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetRhenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rhenium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetRhodium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rhodium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetRhugnor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rhugnor Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetRunite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Runite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetRuthenium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetSelenium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Selenium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Selenium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetSiliconCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetStaballoy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Staballoy Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetStellite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Stellite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Strontium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetStrontium90.*                                               # (default: true) USE Strontium 90 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTalonite.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Talonite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy60.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalloy61.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTantalumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Technetium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Technetium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTeflon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Teflon Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tellurium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetThallium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thallium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetThorium232.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thorium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Thorium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Thorium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTitansteel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Titansteel Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                  # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                      # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTumbaga.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium232.*                                                # (default: true) USE Uranium 232 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetUranium233.*                                                # (default: true) USE Uranium 233 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Uranium Hexafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Uranium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Metal Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetZeron100.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zirconium Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemNuggetZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Zirconium Tetrafluoride Nugget
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPLACEHOLDER_Circuit.*                                             # (default: true) USE Quark Manipulator (UV)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateAbyssalAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateAdvancedNitinol.*                                            # (default: true) USE Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateAncientGranite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateArcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateArceusAlloy2B.*                                              # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateAstralTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateBabbitAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateBakelite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateBerylliumFluoride.*                                          # (default: true) USE Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateBlackMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateBlackTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateBloodSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateCelestialTungsten.*                                          # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateChromaticGlass.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateCinobiteA243.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateClay.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Clay Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateConductiveIron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAbyssalAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) USE Double Abyssal Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAdvancedNitinol.*                                      # (default: true) USE Double Advanced Nitinol Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAncientGranite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Double Ancient Granite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArcanite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Arcanite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleArceusAlloy2B.*                                        # (default: true) USE Double Arceus Alloy 2B Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleAstralTitanium.*                                       # (default: true) USE Double Astral Titanium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBabbitAlloy.*                                          # (default: true) USE Double Babbit Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBakelite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Bakelite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBerylliumFluoride.*                                    # (default: true) USE Double Beryllium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackMetal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Black Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Double Black Titanium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleBloodSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Blood Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCelestialTungsten.*                                    # (default: true) USE Double Celestial Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleChromaticGlass.*                                       # (default: true) USE Double Chromatic Glass Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleCinobiteA243.*                                         # (default: true) USE Double Cinobite A243 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleClay.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Double Clay Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDragonblood.*                                          # (default: true) USE Double Dragonblood Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleDysprosium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEglinSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleEnergyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) USE Double Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleGrisium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Grisium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHG1223.*                                               # (default: true) USE Double HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHafnium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyC276.*                                        # (default: true) USE Double Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyN.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyW.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHastelloyX.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleHypogen.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloy020.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyDS.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIncoloyMA956.*                                         # (default: true) USE Double Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel625.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel690.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleInconel792.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleIodine.*                                               # (default: true) USE Double Iodine Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLafiumCompound.*                                       # (default: true) USE Double Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithium7.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleLithiumFluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Double Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) USE Double Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel300.*                                     # (default: true) USE Double Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleMaragingSteel350.*                                     # (default: true) USE Double Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                # (default: true) USE Double Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNiobiumCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) USE Double Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNitinol60.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleNylon.*                                                # (default: true) USE Double Nylon Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleOctiron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Octiron Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePikyonium64B.*                                         # (default: true) USE Double Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoublePotin.*                                                # (default: true) USE Double Potin Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleQuantum.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Quantum Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhenium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhodium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRhugnor.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRunite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Double Runite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleRuthenium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSelenium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Selenium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) USE Double Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleSiliconCarbide.*                                       # (default: true) USE Double Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStellite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Stellite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleStrontium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Strontium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTalonite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Talonite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy60.*                                          # (default: true) USE Double Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalloy61.*                                          # (default: true) USE Double Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTantalumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) USE Double Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                               # (default: true) USE Double Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTeflon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Double Teflon Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTellurium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThallium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Thallium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThorium232.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) USE Double Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) USE Double Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTitansteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) USE Double Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                             # (default: true) USE Double Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                 # (default: true) USE Double Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTumbaga.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                              # (default: true) USE Double Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumHexafluoride.*                                  # (default: true) USE Double Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                 # (default: true) USE Double Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWatertightSteel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Double Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleWhiteMetal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Double White Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZeron100.*                                             # (default: true) USE Double Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Double Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Double Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDoubleZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                               # (default: true) USE Double Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDragonblood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dragon Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateEglinSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateElectricalSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateEnergeticAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateEnergyCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateGrisium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grisium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHG1223.*                                                     # (default: true) USE HG-1223 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHafnium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hafnium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyC276.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyN.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyW.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHastelloyX.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateHypogen.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hypogen Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloy020.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyDS.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateIncoloyMA956.*                                               # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateInconel625.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateInconel690.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateInconel792.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateIodine.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iodine Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateLafiumCompound.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateLithium7.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lithium 7 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateLithiumFluoride.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lithium Fluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel250.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel300.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateMaragingSteel350.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateMeatRaw.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fleshy Panel
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateNeptuniumHexafluoride.*                                      # (default: true) USE Neptunium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateNiobiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateNitinol60.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateNylon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nylon Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateOctiron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Octiron Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlatePhasedIron.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Phased Iron plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlatePikyonium64B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlatePotin.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potin Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateQuantum.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quantum Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateRedstoneAlloy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Alloy plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateRhenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhenium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateRhodium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhodium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateRhugnor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhugnor Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateRunite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Runite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateRuthenium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateSelenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Selenium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateSeleniumHexafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Selenium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateSiliconCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateSodium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sodium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateSoularium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Soularium plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateStaballoy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Staballoy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateStellite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stellite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateStrontium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Strontium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTalonite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Talonite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy60.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTantalloy61.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTantalumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTechnetiumHexafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Technetium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTeflon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Teflon Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tellurium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateThallium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thallium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateThorium232.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thorium 232 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumHexafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thorium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateThoriumTetrafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Thorium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTitansteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Titansteel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                   # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTumbaga.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateUranium232.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Uranium 232 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateUranium233.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Uranium 233 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumHexafluoride.*                                        # (default: true) USE Uranium Hexafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateUraniumTetrafluoride.*                                       # (default: true) USE Uranium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateVibrantAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateWatertightSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateWhiteMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Metal Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateZeron100.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateZirconium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zirconium Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPlateZirconiumTetrafluoride.*                                     # (default: true) USE Zirconium Tetrafluoride Plate
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemPotionChilly.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chilly Potion
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingAbyssalAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingArcanite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arcanite Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingArceusAlloy2B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingAstralTitanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingBlackMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Metal Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingBloodSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingCelestialTungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingChromaticGlass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingCinobiteA243.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingDysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingEglinSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingEnergyCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingGrisium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Grisium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingHafnium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hafnium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyC276.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyN.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyW.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingHastelloyX.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingHypogen.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hypogen Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingIncoloy020.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyDS.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingIncoloyMA956.*                                                # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingInconel625.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingInconel690.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingInconel792.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingIodine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iodine Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingLafiumCompound.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel250.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel300.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingMaragingSteel350.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingNiobiumCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingNitinol60.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingOctiron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Octiron Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingPikyonium64B.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingPotin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Potin Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingQuantum.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quantum Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingRhenium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhenium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingRhodium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rhodium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingRuthenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingSelenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Selenium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingSiliconCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingStaballoy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Staballoy Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingStellite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stellite Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingStrontium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strontium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTalonite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talonite Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTantalloy61.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTantalumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tellurium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingThallium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thallium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTitansteel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Titansteel Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                    # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTumbaga.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingWatertightSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingWhiteMetal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE White Metal Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingZeron100.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingZirconium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zirconium Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRingZirconiumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Ring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodAbyssalAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodArcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodArceusAlloy2B.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodAstralTitanium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodBlackMetal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodBloodSteel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodCelestialTungsten.*                                            # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodChromaticGlass.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodCinobiteA243.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodDysprosium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodEglinSteel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodEnergyCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodGrisium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Grisium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodHafnium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyC276.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyN.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyW.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodHastelloyX.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodHypogen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodIncoloy020.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyDS.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodIncoloyMA956.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodInconel625.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodInconel690.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodInconel792.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodIodine.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iodine Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLafiumCompound.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongAbyssalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) USE Long Abyssal Alloy Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongArcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Long Arcanite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongArceusAlloy2B.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Arceus Alloy 2B Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongAstralTitanium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Astral Titanium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongBlackMetal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Black Metal Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongBloodSteel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Blood Steel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongCelestialTungsten.*                                        # (default: true) USE Long Celestial Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongChromaticGlass.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Chromatic Glass Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongCinobiteA243.*                                             # (default: true) USE Long Cinobite A243 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongDysprosium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Dysprosium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongEglinSteel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Eglin Steel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongEnergyCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Energy Crystal Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongGrisium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Grisium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongHafnium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Hafnium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyC276.*                                            # (default: true) USE Long Hastelloy-C276 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyN.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Hastelloy-N Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyW.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Hastelloy-W Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongHastelloyX.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Hastelloy-X Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongHypogen.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Hypogen Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloy020.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Incoloy-020 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyDS.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Incoloy-DS Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongIncoloyMA956.*                                             # (default: true) USE Long Incoloy-MA956 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel625.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Inconel-625 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel690.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Inconel-690 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongInconel792.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Inconel-792 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongIodine.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Long Iodine Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongLafiumCompound.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Lafium Compound Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel250.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel300.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongMaragingSteel350.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongNiobiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongNitinol60.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongOctiron.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Octiron Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongPikyonium64B.*                                             # (default: true) USE Long Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongPotin.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Long Potin Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongQuantum.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Quantum Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongRhenium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongRhodium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongRuthenium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongSelenium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Long Selenium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongSiliconCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongStaballoy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongStellite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Long Stellite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongStrontium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Strontium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTalonite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Long Talonite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy60.*                                              # (default: true) USE Long Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalloy61.*                                              # (default: true) USE Long Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTantalumCarbide.*                                          # (default: true) USE Long Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTellurium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongThallium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Long Thallium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTitansteel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                 # (default: true) USE Long Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                     # (default: true) USE Long Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTumbaga.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                  # (default: true) USE Long Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium232.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongUranium233.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongWatertightSteel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Long Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongWhiteMetal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Long White Metal Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongZeron100.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Long Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Long Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodLongZirconiumCarbide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Long Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel250.*                                             # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel300.*                                             # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodMaragingSteel350.*                                             # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodNiobiumCarbide.*                                               # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodNitinol60.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodOctiron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Octiron Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodPikyonium64B.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodPotin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Potin Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodQuantum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Quantum Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodRhenium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rhenium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodRhodium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rhodium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodRuthenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodSelenium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Selenium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodSiliconCarbide.*                                               # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodStaballoy.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Staballoy Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodStellite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stellite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodStrontium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Strontium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTalonite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Talonite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy60.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTantalloy61.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTantalumCarbide.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTellurium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tellurium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodThallium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Thallium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTitansteel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Titansteel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                     # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTumbaga.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodUranium232.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Uranium 232 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodUranium233.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Uranium 233 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodWatertightSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodWhiteMetal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE White Metal Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodZeron100.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodZirconium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zirconium Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRodZirconiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Rod
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRope.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rope
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorAbyssalAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorArcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Arcanite Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorArceusAlloy2B.*                                              # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorAstralTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorBlackMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Metal Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorBloodSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorCelestialTungsten.*                                          # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorChromaticGlass.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorCinobiteA243.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorEglinSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorEnergyCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorGrisium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grisium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorHafnium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hafnium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyC276.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyN.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyW.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorHastelloyX.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorHypogen.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hypogen Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloy020.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyDS.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorIncoloyMA956.*                                               # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorInconel625.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorInconel690.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorInconel792.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorIodine.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iodine Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorLafiumCompound.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel250.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel300.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorMaragingSteel350.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorNiobiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorNitinol60.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorOctiron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Octiron Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorPikyonium64B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorPotin.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potin Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorQuantum.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quantum Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorRhenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhenium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorRhodium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhodium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorRuthenium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorSelenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Selenium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorSiliconCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorStaballoy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Staballoy Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorStellite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stellite Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorStrontium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Strontium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTalonite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Talonite Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy60.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTantalloy61.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTantalumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tellurium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorThallium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thallium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTitansteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Titansteel Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                   # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTumbaga.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorWatertightSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorWhiteMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Metal Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorZeron100.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorZirconium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zirconium Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemRotorZirconiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Rotor
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewAbyssalAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Abyssal Alloy Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewArcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Arcanite Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewArceusAlloy2B.*                                              # (default: true) USE Arceus Alloy 2B Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewAstralTitanium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Astral Titanium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewBlackMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Metal Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewBloodSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blood Steel Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewCelestialTungsten.*                                          # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewChromaticGlass.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chromatic Glass Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewCinobiteA243.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cinobite A243 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewEglinSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewEnergyCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewGrisium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grisium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewHafnium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hafnium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyC276.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-C276 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyN.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-N Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyW.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-W Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewHastelloyX.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hastelloy-X Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewHypogen.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hypogen Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloy020.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Incoloy-020 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyDS.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incoloy-DS Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewIncoloyMA956.*                                               # (default: true) USE Incoloy-MA956 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewInconel625.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-625 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewInconel690.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-690 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewInconel792.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Inconel-792 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewIodine.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iodine Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewLafiumCompound.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lafium Compound Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel250.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 250 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel300.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 300 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewMaragingSteel350.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maraging Steel 350 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewNiobiumCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Niobium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewNitinol60.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewOctiron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Octiron Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewPikyonium64B.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pikyonium 64B Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewPotin.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potin Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewQuantum.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quantum Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewRhenium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhenium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewRhodium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rhodium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewRuthenium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ruthenium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewSelenium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Selenium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewSiliconCarbide.*                                             # (default: true) USE Silicon Carbide Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewStaballoy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Staballoy Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewStellite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stellite Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewStrontium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Strontium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTalonite.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Talonite Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy60.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-60 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTantalloy61.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tantalloy-61 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTantalumCarbide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tantalum Carbide Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tellurium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewThallium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thallium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTitansteel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Titansteel Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumNaquadahCarbonite.*                                   # (default: true) USE Trinium Naquadah Carbonite Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTriniumTitaniumAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) USE Trinium Titanium Alloy Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTumbaga.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tumbaga Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewTungstenTitaniumCarbide.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tungsten Titanium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewWatertightSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewWhiteMetal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Metal Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewZeron100.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Zeron-100 Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewZirconium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zirconium Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemScrewZirconiumCarbide.*                                           # (default: true) USE Zirconium Carbide Screw
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSimpleFiremaker.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Basic Firemaker
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Black Steel Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSmallSpringBlackTitanium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Black Titanium Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSmallSpringMaragingSteel250.*                                     # (default: true) USE Small Maraging Steel 250 Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSmallSpringNichrome.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Nichrome Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSmallSpringStaballoy.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Staballoy Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSpringCelestialTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) USE Celestial Tungsten Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSpringEglinSteel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Eglin Steel Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSpringNitinol60.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nitinol 60 Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSpringWatertightSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Watertight Steel Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSpringWhiteMetal.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Metal Spring
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemStickyRubber.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Gumlet of Sticky Rubber
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSugarCharcoal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSugarCoke.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sugar Coke
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemSulfuricPotion.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Throwable Vial of Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelRotorBlade.*                                         # (default: true) USE TungstenSteel Rotor Blade
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemTungstenSteelShaft.*                                              # (default: true) USE TungstenSteel Shaft
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemVibrantRotorBlade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy Rotor Blade
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemVibrantShaft.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy Shaft
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemZirconiumPellet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zirconium Pellet [ZrCl?]
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemironrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (TungstenSteel)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemsteelrotor.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Vibrant Alloy)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iridium)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.itemwoodrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Energetic Alloy)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.material.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Invalid Item (Destroy)
fe.protection.use.miscutils.mobessence.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mob Essence Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.nitrobenzene.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nitrobenzene Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.particleBase.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Graviton
fe.protection.use.miscutils.particleIon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hydrogen Ion
fe.protection.use.miscutils.personalCloakingDevice-0.0.*                                          # (default: true) USE ?9Personal Cloaking Device?7
fe.protection.use.miscutils.personalHealingDevice.*                                               # (default: true) USE ?9Personal Healing NanoBooster?r
fe.protection.use.miscutils.polyurethane.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Polyurethane Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.putrescine.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Putrescine Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.pyrotheum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pyrotheum Cell
fe.protection.use.miscutils.rfEUBattery.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Universally Chargeable Battery
fe.protection.use.naturescompass.NaturesCompass.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nature's Compass
fe.protection.use.openglasses.openglasses.*                                                       # (default: true) USE AR Glasses
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                             # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                             # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                              # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                            # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                              # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                            # (default: true) USE Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                                      # (default: true) USE IO Bus
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.potentiaAddon.*                                              # (default: true) USE Addon - Potentia Converter
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                              # (default: true) USE Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                                       # (default: true) USE Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                                # (default: true) USE Folder
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Paper Shreds
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                           # (default: true) USE Printed Page
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                       # (default: true) USE Black Ink
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                       # (default: true) USE Color Ink
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                      # (default: true) USE Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.cooldownUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.damageUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.energyUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.movementUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                            # (default: true) USE RFID Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.secureNetworkCard.*                                   # (default: true) USE Secure Network Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                        # (default: true) USE Security Door
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Private Security Door
fe.protection.use.questbook.ItemQuestBook.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Quest Book
fe.protection.use.sleepingbag.sleepingBag.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.supersolarpanel.bluecomponent.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Spectral Component
fe.protection.use.supersolarpanel.enderquantumcomponent.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ender-Quantum Component
fe.protection.use.supersolarpanel.greencomponent.*                                                # (default: true) USE Green Spectral Component
fe.protection.use.supersolarpanel.redcomponent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Red Spectral Component
fe.protection.use.supersolarpanel.solarsplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Solar Light Splitter
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.EuMeterGT.*                                                     # (default: true) USE GT EU meter
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.constructable.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Multiblock Machine Blueprint
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.debugContainer.*                                                # (default: true) USE Debug EM Container
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.definitionContainer.*                                           # (default: true) USE EM Recipe Hint
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.definitionScanStorage.*                                         # (default: true) USE EM Scan Storage
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.frontRotate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Front Rotation Scrench
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.em.parametrizerMemoryCard.*                                        # (default: true) USE Parametrizer Memory Card
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.tm.itemTeslaComponent.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Tesla Windings
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.tm.teslaCoilCapacitor.*                                            # (default: true) USE LV Tesla Capacitor
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.tm.teslaCover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tesla Coil Cover
fe.protection.use.tectech.item.tm.teslaStaff.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tesla Staff
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemBoltGermanium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.itemBoltGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemDustGermanium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.itemDustGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemDustSmallGermanium.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.itemDustSmallGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemDustTinyGermanium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.itemDustTinyGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemGearGermanium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.itemGearGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemIngotGermanium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemIngotGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemNuggetGermanium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.itemNuggetGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemPlateDoubleGermanium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Double Germanium Plate
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemPlateGermanium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemPlateGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemRingGermanium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.itemRingGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemRodGermanium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.itemRodGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemRodLongGermanium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Long Germanium Rod
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemRotorGermanium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemRotorGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.tectech.itemScrewGermanium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemScrewGermanium.name
fe.protection.use.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemAspect
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloodstained Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                                # (default: true) USE Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Aer Fragment
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ?eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plax Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Incendium
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Redlon Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Flint and Void Steel
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Shears
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knowledge Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diffusion Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                             # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                          # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                           # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.use.tinkersdefense.AeonSteelIngot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Aeon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.tinkersdefense.DogbeariumIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dogbearium Ingot
fe.protection.use.tinkersdefense.Heater_Shield.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.heatershield.name
fe.protection.use.tinkersdefense.QueensGoldIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Queen's Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.tinkersdefense.Round_Shield.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.roundshield.name
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.bigReactors.singularity.*                      # (default: true) USE Blutonium Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.draconicEvolution.singularity.*                # (default: true) USE Draconium Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.enderIO.singularity.*                          # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.extraPlanets.singularity.*                     # (default: true) USE Blue Gem Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.extraTiC.singularity.*                         # (default: true) USE Fairy Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.extraUtilities.singularity.*                   # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.general.singularity.*                          # (default: true) USE Aluminum Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.mekanism.singularity.*                         # (default: true) USE Refined Glowstone Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.metallurgy.singularity.*                       # (default: true) USE Bitumen Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.pneumaticCraft.singularity.*                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Iron Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.projectRed.singularity.*                       # (default: true) USE Electrotine Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.redstoneArsenal.singularity.*                  # (default: true) USE Flux Crystal Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.tinkersConstruct.singularity.*                 # (default: true) USE Aluminum Brass Singularity
fe.protection.use.universalsingularities.universal.vanilla.singularity.*                          # (default: true) USE Coal Singularity
fe.protection.use.witchery.arthana.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Arthana
fe.protection.use.witchery.babashat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bark Belt
fe.protection.use.witchery.biomenote.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Biome Beach
fe.protection.use.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Biting Belt
fe.protection.use.witchery.boline.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Boline
fe.protection.use.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.use.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.use.witchery.brew.water.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.use.witchery.brewbag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Brew Bag
fe.protection.use.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Brew
fe.protection.use.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.use.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.use.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.use.witchery.canesword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cane Sword
fe.protection.use.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Witches' Brews
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Circle Talisman
fe.protection.use.witchery.coffin.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Coffin
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Hood
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Footwear
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathshand.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hand of Death
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Robe
fe.protection.use.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lava Diviner
fe.protection.use.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Water Diviner
fe.protection.use.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.use.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.use.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Earmuffs
fe.protection.use.witchery.garlic.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Glass Goblet
fe.protection.use.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.use.witchery.handbow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.use.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.use.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Icy Slippers
fe.protection.use.witchery.ingredient.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Candelabra
fe.protection.use.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Twisting Band
fe.protection.use.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.use.witchery.louse.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.use.witchery.mirror.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mirror
fe.protection.use.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Moon Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.mutator.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.use.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mystic Branch
fe.protection.use.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.use.witchery.playercompass.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Player Compass
fe.protection.use.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.poppet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Poppet
fe.protection.use.witchery.potion.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Universal Antidote
fe.protection.use.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.use.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.use.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.use.witchery.silversword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spectral Stone
fe.protection.use.witchery.stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.witchery.stewraw.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sun Grenade
fe.protection.use.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Taglock Kit
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchhand.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witches Hand
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchhat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Witches' Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witches Robes
fe.protection.use.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Creative Bat/Wolf Token
