

# Stone Legion 2020 GTNH Server & Client Changes!

## Why GregTech New Horizons in 2020?

Pretty much it comes down to the most simple thing ever. GTNH is one of the best Modpacks that continues to be updated and worked on as we speak. Minecraft 1.7 Might be 7 years old, but this pack is always feeling fresh and always constantly being updated with new content. That is why we decided to start a fresh server in 2020 with new hardware and using the latest 2.0.8.0+ Update. Just to give you an Idea this was the Patch notes for 2.0.8.0 / 2.0.8.1: https://gist.github.com/KaneHart/b0cff63c6789cb6d69819a0be5b54cd5
That is right they added an entire new mod made for GTNH... That is the kind of amazing things you see. 

## Why Changes?

We want our server to be a bit more unique and not giving out free loot, etc. Most of our tweaks are minor and we don't mess with the progression, quests, etc. We just tweaking a few things like world gen, loot tables from chests, etc. We want to offer a more balanced and enjoyable server that everyone has a more fair and equal start. We also sometimes might nerf the functions of early game travel like the hang glider that can cause a lot of performance impacts and also removes the enjoyment of other methods of travel like Trains.

## What major things did you actually change?

- Terrain is generated by RTG which generates a significantly smoother terrain.
- We disabled the following from spawning on the OVERWORLD: villages (villagers can still be cured from zombie villagers), dungeons, temples, caves, ravines, abandonned mineshafts, strongholds, lava lakes. This signifanctly improves client FPS and server TPS. It also prevents ore veins from being ruined by caves/structures.
- We removed all chest based loot in the Overworld. This was done to give all players a level playing field no matter when they start.
- No user placeable portals. Access to the Nether, Twilight Forest and The End will require going to one of our Bunkers (more info lower down).
- We do not have any (non-admin) teleport commands and prefer players use other transportation methods like rail. We have also disabled the very cheap Witchery Waystones.
- The world has a border at 16,000 in every direction (world is 32,000 x 32,000 in size).
- Harvestcraft gardens do not spread. The world is very large and you can also purchase them from the quest coin shop.
- The world has temperate bands (the North is cold, South is hot and the middle is temperate). This does affect where biomes are placed.
- Chunkloading is only available through the use of Railcraft's Personal and Passive anchors.
- Gliders can NOT be used in the Overworld, Twilight Forest or the Nether.
- Beds are only used to set your respawn point. Day night cycle is 20 minutes long.
- We disabled some of the more OP Infernal mob traits.
- Full "changelog" is available on our github.

## No portals? Bunkers?

We wanted to encourage players to explore the world, make paths to each other and construct railway networks. We chose to disable players being able to create portals so that they need to go to one of the 12 bunkers placed in the world where they can venture to the Nether, Twilight Forest or The End world. These bunkers will be fairly evenly layed out with 3 per map quadrant. All of the Overworld bunkers will require being "fixed" by providing a specific item (one time). Then players can deposit a specific item to open a stargate to a bunker on another world (only to the Nether, Twilight Forest and the End). The return journey back to overworld requires no payment through the bunkers.

## When will the server be up?  

First Quarter of 2020. We don't have an exact date as we still have to purchase hardware, do testing and configuration for the launch. 

## What will the server Specs Be?

#### Still under development. But we are planning the following:

- AMD Ryzen 9 3900X 3.8 GHz 12-Core Processor
- Noctua NH-D15 CPU Fan
- Asus Prime X570-P Ryzen 3 AM4 with PCIe Gen4, Dual M.2
- CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 64GB (4 x 16 GB) DDR4-3200 Memory C16
- XPG GAMMIX 2TB S11 Pro 3D NAND PCIe NVMe Gen3x4 M.2 2280 R/W up to 3500/3000MB SSD
- Corsair CP-9020122-NA CX Series 650 Watt 80 Plus Bronze
- CORSAIR CARBIDE 275R Mid-Tower Case
- 2 x BarraCuda Pro 10TB Drives

## How will donations work?

That would be amazing. You can imagine the above specs are a bit costly so every little bit helps. My paypal information is kanechart@gmail.com and I thank you so much ahead of time!


